good thing that didn't make it into the
show oh it might have what's up everyone
and welcome to the W show we've got a
great show lined up for you guys this
week the big topics are of course that
Bitcoin is not a Beanie Baby No in fact
not the SEC has told us no Bitcoin is
not in fact Beanie Babies
also Bing sales might mean a pivot to
allowing additional game stores on the X
box not to mention uh handheld okay this
seems like we're off to an interesting
start oh right I I'm sorry I'm doing
three today because I forgot about the
headline topic that isn't in the dock oh
I hate Facebook Marketplace and I want
to talk about that it made me extremely
angry today I want to talk about what
Solutions there might be to that but
yeah anyways my topic I guess will be
Sora goes to
Hollywood oh my no you can do two topics
it wasn't the writer okay I'll do two
Google ordered to ID YouTube
users oh yeah that should have been the
biggest topic and this could actually be
a huge deal yeah we'll talk about
[Music]
that
the show is brought to you today by ag1
Ridge and
vessie all right why don't we jump right
into you know what Let's do let's do the
YouTube topic the YouTube thing yeah
this is kind of a big deal okay so
there's been actually YouTube's been in
the news for a couple of things this
week uh there was an analysis done on
them that um their evaluation might be
somewhere north of around $400 billion
which would make them more value than
Disney and Comcast
combined which is funny because YouTube
seems to kind of fly under the radar a
lot of regulatory stuff like Google or
alphabet gets talked about but YouTube
it's like I don't know yeah man like I
don't know it's just YouTube right like
whatever um YouTube is a flipping
enormous company if if it were its own
company um
but with being a big company comes big
responsibility toward your users and I
don't know if I'm convinced that Google
is doing everything that they could to
take care of YouTube's users let's have
a little listen I guess Luke do you want
to read us through what exactly happened
this week cuz
this maybe I'm just
naive but this really surprised me
really yeah uh anyways I'll get into it
we'll talk about how it might surprise
or not surprise more in a moment but
Accord by the way Dan
I think my monitoring is dead um
according to recent unsealed court
documents Federal investigators have
ordered Google to unmask users who watch
certain YouTube videos uncover agents
sent links to these videos to a
suspected cryptocurrency launderer under
the Alias Elon Musk whm the government
then ordered Google to provide extensive
information on anyone who watched the
videos between January 1st and the 8th
including names addresses telephone
numbers user activity and IP addresses
the videos were tutorials for mapping
using AR software and drones which have
been watched over 30,000 times
altogether so
that's the biggest problem there are
plenty of problems that we can talk
about but that's the number of users
that got caught in the crossfire of what
supposedly was supposed to be a
targeted sting I'm wondering if
if H I'm wondering why you would do that
and I'm I'm I'm I'm guessing that it's
because they didn't want to send a video
with like zero views so it would look
suspicious or something I don't know no
I think people just actually watched it
Luke they uploaded this video and then
people like H this is interesting well
maybe almost anything can get views on
YouTube right that's true yeah yeah yeah
uh in a separate incident investigators
ordered Google to provide a list of
accounts that interacted with eight
YouTube live streams after noticing ing
a live stream camera near the sight of a
bomb threat one of those live streams
was posted by Boston and Maine live
which had around
130,000 subscribers again it's unclear
whether Google provided any information
in this case but a Google spokesperson
claimed that the company has a rigorous
process for determining whether law
enforcement requests are legally valid
or inappropriate and overly broad
privacy experts have described these
orders as potentially unconstitutional
because they treat innocent people as
potential criminal suspects simply
because they were in the wrong place at
the wrong time violating their fourth
amendment protection from unreasonable
search and their First Amendment right
to free speech and free association so
here's the thing not only were they in
the in the wrong place at the wrong time
and you
know sorry I have a bit of not chocolate
stuck in my throat it's really deep back
there
um not only are they kind of put
grouping people into buckets based on
who they're associating with and where
they were and at what time I mean there
are certain situations where you know
what too bad that's kind of valid you
know like if you were if you were in the
in in in Hitler's you know planning room
for the
Holocaust you know what I I'm afraid
you're kind of you're kind of complicit
at that point complicit at that point if
you're there there's probably other
reasons yeah exactly more than just
location you're probably ain't you
probably ain't completely innocent is
all all I'm trying to say right so so
yeah okay uh fair enough you were you
were in this like very very bad place at
a very very bad time and there's simply
no other reason to be there at that time
you could maybe kind of make an argument
there that doesn't mean it's
constitutional or whatever I'm not a
legal scholar but what it means is that
there might be some fire where that
smoke be yeah but YouTube just a random
YouTube video especially you might not
have even been there it might have been
on autoplay just some random live stream
of an account that has 130,000 subs or a
video on like AR software and drones
I've watched AR software and drone
videos yeah but I'm talking autoplay
Luke yeah oh yeah definitely yeah and
you might have not you I might have
legitimately not even been in that room
it's like if someone took your phone and
was like I'mma play Pokemon go with this
guy's phone and they just poke go
somewhere and they end up at like a
rally for you know some kind of you know
hate group or something right right yeah
and then people are people be like yeah
you're
Associated I wasn't even there I had
nothing to do with this there was a
Mewtwo there what do you think I'm
supposed to do exactly ex are you
kidding me it was a shiny one it's crazy
yeah so so this is lonus needs to chill
with his hot takes this is not a hot t
hey this is terrible the fact that
simply by watching a
video and Again Luke you can become a
suspect I shouldn't even even even I
think the the word suspect might be too
strong but you you're on a
list you shouldn't be able to be on a
list based on that you watched a video
about a knife one time because that's
the thing and I know I'm about to hold
on hold on I know the slippery slope
argument has all kinds of problems
but this is one of the slipperiest of
slopes because there's all kinds of
stuff that you can watch just because
you have an academic interest yeah like
this isn't like how to use a drone to
bomb people okay okay I was really I was
legitimately curious about those um uh
th those add-ons that you can get for
handguns that make them automatic uh
okay yes where they called Glock
something I for yeah yeah yeah switches
uh and and I was like I was learning
about it because I saw someone alleged
that uh right because oh some politici
there's a bunch of different ways to do
it someone tried to ban them I think
you're talking about Swit yeah but some
someone was talking some politician
tried to ban it or something and uh I
saw someone say uh yeah like they might
as well ban 3D printers and then someone
else was like well actually the 3D
printed ones are going to last for like
one round or three uh and like you know
really it's it's these modifications
that people are that people are
manufacturing and selling anyway the the
point is no not bumps STS it's it's a
it's a hand it's a hand handheld one um
you can do that it's guys don't worry
about it you can do bump STS with a
pistol it's not what he's talking about
though it's not what I'm talking a bunch
of different ways to do it it's
unimportant the point is yeah don't
worry about it not bump STS it was
something else I know what a bump stock
is uh that that's a different thing um
anyway the point is that I was like oh
yeah so so like what is this piece how
is it integral to the handgun such that
it like it obvious ly couldn't be
involved in the actual
combustion and expulsion of gas yeah uh
but why is it that then as a it couldn't
be 3D printed I I was just curious about
it and you know how we joke like you've
made the joke I've made the joke I mean
Dan's probably made the joke at some
point we joke about how like oh yeah
reading that article or watching that
video I'm going to be on a list yeah but
what the actual yeah I probably
just am
apparently yeah because just cuz this is
the first time we're hearing about it
does not mean that this is the first
time this has happened it almost
probably means that it isn't the first
time it happen and there is literally
anything on YouTube yeah literally
anything yeah quite yeah quite genuinely
I don't think there's been anything that
I've looked for on YouTube that I didn't
at least find something like heavily
related to you
know like I I got on a kick for a while
of watching um Scythe mowing on YouTube
YouTube it's actually
amazing it's crazy have you never seen
this I'm on it I'm on it I'll look it up
it's actually wild it's super efficient
it's really
fast um I mean you couldn't get that
close to the ground with it could you oh
no you absolutely can yeah this is like
totally a
thing look how low that is I mean and
look how fast that was one little sweep
got a big Arc I would have to be pretty
sharp hey I think so yeah and like in in
the way that you're doing you see how
she's piling up all the trimmings too
yeah it just happens like
automatically it's good for
you it's like it's it's cool and she's
like there's people that go like Fast
she hers looks relatively small and
she's going a little bit slow there's
people that like
Fly Fast mowing fast like this this oh
wait is that a comp ition shut up is
this a competition let's go dude Scythe
vers this has 19 million views 19
million views dude dude how is
the how is every
Niche something that has 20 million VI
videos with yeah like tens of millions
of views or whatever okay look at this
look at them fly this is freaking wild
yeah buddy doesn't need a shirt and look
at look at how much there's so much Gra
grass coming off that's a huge pile on
the side and they're really going pretty
quick especially when you consider the
horizontal width here because you'd have
to do quite a few passes with a mower to
actually do this dude dude I would
picnic on that lawn yeah it's
low that's wild
yeah what the heck how have I never
heard of
this okay yeah it's sick all right all
right man the
they they know what's up yeah yeah to be
honest okay uh sorry what are we
supposed to be talking about right now
right right nich is on YouTube so I um I
don't know what to say other than not
cool
YouTube not cool US government and
probably every government yeah oh man
speaking of governments did you see the
uh those drone picks from North
Korea drone no someone freaking went to
the Chinese North Korean border just
some random person was like in China for
some reason uh they evidently are not
there anymore but they were just like
they just casually headed to the North
Korean border casually flew a consumer
drone just into North Korea man their
cities are like Stepford Wives as
like it's weird dude it's unsettling
it's like it's like if you told AI to
generate a city and it just had no idea
about like traffic lights what yeah yeah
it's
crazy um yeah guys look it up on Reddit
look it up on Reddit I can't uh I can't
remember the person's name or handle or
whatever but this is like going pretty
viral viral right now so you should be
able to find it pretty easily um yeah
check it out tons of this yeah yeah
there's like a ton of coverage of it but
look look look look
look um you don't want the footage just
get like some yeah okay fine you can
look at the footage you want like
highlights no no just it's 40 seconds
long just yeah just just make it big I
I'm not going to bring it up on the show
cuz I I want people to go watch it but
like I don't know man and there's like
there's like not a wait what I'm
noticing that there are actually
intersections what what's happening
right there I don't I don't know there's
like barely any cars though uh I didn't
I didn't see much like close up or
anything but apparently there's like not
a shred of garbage anywhere cuz I don't
know I guess you get executed if you
like dude oh speaking of which I
couldn't help and then Japanese cities
so clean oh yeah there like a wind storm
and it still was cleaner than our cities
like at the best of times y anyway yeah
any wild wild they could have they could
have been freaking like disappeared for
this I am amazed that they were ballsy
enough to go to the border and just
freaking fly a drone and the thing is
like it's not they didn't stay that high
all the time oh really oh no there's
like there's shots of people like like
cuz they they were flying low enough
that people could 100% just see it wow
that's pretty wild I've told you about
the I think on Wow even of the uh the
1,000 Volvo cars that are in North Korea
yeah yeah we talked about that's a fun
rabbit hole if you're if were
bored oh man supposedly footage is from
2020 during the
pandemic yeah I mean I guess if I was
going to do something like this I would
probably sit on it until I am way the
heck away
Kina and anywhere that it could be a
problem
um yeah dude anyway that's wild yeah
super cool yeah that sucks that's
frustrating that YouTube's doing that um
but sometimes like what are they going
to do oh speaking of North Korea man
North Korea has come up a lot lately uh
Tanner got his hands
on there there's this North Korean uh ad
for uh like a Wii Clone
game console like did he get it
uh we're GNA play some games oh yeah
yeah main main line ltte Channel video
that's exciting trying out the North
Korean we we
clone I'm I'm legitimately very excited
about this video that's going to be
coming in the next little bit that's got
to be great do you think any of them are
going to feature their like their leader
whatever his name is I don't remember
right now any of the games yeah I I'm
not going to talk about the games at all
but man I I just I've I've ended up
North Korea's just come up a lot for me
recently I I just went down the rabbit
hole where where Kim Jong eel uh so so
the current supreme ruler whatever his
title is his dad uh was like a film
buff and wrote a book about film do you
know about this have you heard about
this no so I I I read a little bit of it
it's like very thank you Captain Obvious
for the most part but uh be he was such
a film buff that he and I I guess this
is a compliment uh kidnapped an actor
and a filmmaker from South Korea and
like held them for over half a decade
and forced them to make films in North
Korea yeah it's like a whole thing man
it's wild dude it's freaking wild you
like kidnapped them and like showed them
his Movie collections
like how completely utterly like stunted
do you have to be to think that that's
an appropriate behavior you know oh my
goodness they managed to escape on a
trip in Europe yeah yeah like to a film
festival or something like that wow yeah
so they they like booked it for the the
US
Embassy like like there should be a
movie about that there really should
there probably is I'm sure someone's
done it but no it should be like a big
production man because you got all you
got all your acts like laid out for you
every everything's chill then and they
captured her but only to like eventually
capture him cuz he was the director like
oh anyway what are we supposed to be
talking about uh next topic oh sure yeah
oh right uh do you want to talk about
Facebook I want to talk about Facebook
yeah okay so we also did a video this
week where we were analyzing the uh very
good faith honest uh listings that
people make for selling their computers
on marketplaces like Craigslist and
Facebook Marketplace and I think that
Luke and I both shared some frustration
with how um difficult it is to find even
just sort of separate from the video we
were just we were browsing Facebook
Marketplace as part of that exercise but
separate from the video um we were both
really frustrated with how hard it is to
use Facebook Marketplace and how fixable
some of the biggest problems would be
so I'm sure you guys have seen this so
one of the things we ran into so spoiler
for the the PC listings video was people
who had listings that were like $220,000
for this basic computer or like
$100,000 for this old Gaming rig or
whatever else and what we figured out
pretty quickly was that these weren't
necessarily scammers who thought anyone
was going to pay $110,000 for a core i5
system with a you know GTX 360 in it but
it was more people who were
okay not scammers but certainly not
helpful um who were trying to game the
system in order to just get exposure for
their posting I mean mission
accomplished we ended up making a video
about it which is probably more than
they expected but um you can see how
common it is for people to put a really
high price on something in hopes that
someone will sort by Price high to low
and just see it and then if they happen
to be interested in the gaming PC who
knows maybe they'll message you about it
well that reminded me of one of the huge
frustrations that I have on Facebook
Marketplace and I don't really know
anybody at Facebook so this is my
attempt to get someone at Facebook's
attention if you work at Facebook if a
relative works at Facebook if you know
anyone who works at Facebook and has any
influence on the Facebook Marketplace
team for the love of all that is good
ask them to fix this okay Luke uh bring
bring up bring up that posting I just
showed it yeah yeah let's have a look at
this okay so we got gaming piece
uh one Canadian dollar okay this is
categorized correctly Electronics
desktop computers uh I've got a
description in the second slide you want
to flip over to the second slide let see
how this description is looking flip on
over here okay yeah that looks like a
pretty complete accurate spec list I
have boxes for everything hey super cool
appreciate that uh
$2,000 not looking for trades or offers
had it for three months well hold on a
second because that said
$1
can we can we can we can we go back to
the Wi can we go back can we go back go
back go back to the Wi cam no no no
we're good we're we're good I realized I
have controls too um and there's a lot
of these this is like a huge problem
here here here here here back yeah back
to Luke's laptop like there's no way
these are all $1 yeah click on it click
on anything click on click on $1 click
on free anything yeah this is $121 or
best offer some other thing asking
$75 uh click on click on something else
that might actually be a dollar PC
building advice sure this one here we go
here we go here's another one $800 $800
okay so or or same value in Gold Mint or
same value in Gold Mint Condition okay
there should be a yeah that's a really
that's a really bad grammatical error
you really did obscure the meaning of
what you were typing there um and so oh
right right right right right no no no
we're going back to your laptop okay so
Luke yeah these are these are misleading
posts these are obviously meant to to to
um convey something that is not in fact
true so why don't you find one of these
and report it because that should be a
thing you can do because this
completely eliminates the usability of
the sort by Price functionality of
Facebook marketplace right you like
you've got prices minimum to you know
whatever range this has broken the
functionality of the site so go ahead
and report one Luke I want to find
because some of these are like doesn't
matter click on anything just click yeah
okay okay go ahead and go ahead and
report it uh there should be three dots
somewhere you are not logged into
Facebook yeah this could be a problem a
limitation uh I I don't see how you
would report something if you aren't
logged into the service in order to
report it and I am going to absolutely
lose my mind right now because I am uh
logged out of this thing for a reason
and I have no way of getting my login
information right now ah am trying to do
a video podcast
and uh one of these days I will get good
do you still have to say video podcast
no I just like it nice yeah I like the
needless clarification I respect that um
okay let's see if I can get this code
hold on tofa incoming yeah I love I love
two Factor authentication so much it
keeps my things so safe except when you
know I get SIM swapped or whatever hey
did you see that recent thing with
um uh who was it I think someone had to
pay a settlement over Sim swap oh no no
no right right right right right right
some manager at a mobile at a mobile
provider uh admitted to facilitating Sim
swaps for a grand that's how easy it is
the humans the humans are always the
weakest point my brethren yep drives me
crazy that's brutal you can build the
best system for anything
ever and if you don't take all the
humans out of it it's doomed to
fail drives me
nuts or from the what but to the you did
not T-Mobile manager took 2K for any Sim
swap yeah $22,000 oh I'm sorry no no no
I think this is a different story oh
really they're talking about how they
knew them oh my
God all right here we go uh how do
I what well where do I enter the login
code oh no there it go oh wow okay yeah
sure I have to exit that in order
watching lonus log into things is like
an actually very entertaining Pastime
because takes so
long someone yeah someone recently tried
to I know I just entered a
code I wait what from an because you set
up two Factor authentication your
account is temporarily locked what do
you mean locked what do you been talking
about uh yesterday I mean I don't
know okay here we go all right I got
this i got this let's put that away and
let's go on Facebook Marketplace let's
go shopping shall we it's shopping time
uh okay it's always fun to it's always
fun to look at my Facebook oh this is
uh this is actually surprisingly
funny look at that a Snap-On thing why
is that funny I don't know there's
definitely something funny just cuz oh
all right let's keep moving wow um w wow
even dad is like come
on look I'm just I'm just saying grand
for a Fallout guy
uh tell me you wouldn't pay that much
tell me you wouldn't no chance dude it
was made for promoting Fallout 76 when
it launched these were never sold in
stores Luke never sold in stores you got
to rip the sign off of there okay you
got to take the 76 off that's brutal
ouch all right so let's find a free
computer case ah yes boom wait a
second wait a
second do you recog guys
this that thing's such a piece of trash
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no wait wait wait is it not wasn't
this the brush aluminum panels that like
immediately stained the second you use
them wait hold on a second I oh 2013
case is it I thought this
was uh hold on a second hold on a second
okay guys we're about to go on a little
side quest right yeah yeah yeah yeah no
no I'm I'm bit Phoenix Pandora we we did
a review of it
yeah oh wait hold on I knew I'd seen
that before
look oh man they stole our Bros at
Hardware Canucks they stole their
thumbnail for their Facebook post that's
rough how much you want to bet that this
that is a really you know I should have
noticed cuz it is a way too nice photo a
Facebook Marketplace photo yeah yeah
yeah yeah freaking awesome aome uh
anyway not free send offers hey I did
this
video0 in stock okay hold on we're we're
off the side quest now we're back we're
back to the main quest okay so here's
here's where you go you can report this
listing in accurate description oh
whoops okay well that's not actually
what I meant to do uh hold on well
anyway I mean it kind of is but it's
also not the description of it is
accurate that's what it is they're not
really promoting a business they're not
selling an animal they don't have no
intent to sell it's not weapon or drugs
it's not sexualized content it's not
discrimination it's abusive or harmful
it's not really a scam it kind of is a
little bit not 100% but a little bit
they need a specific report for failure
to disclose the price you'll see so many
things on Facebook Marketplace which
overall I actually really appreciate
existing it is so much better than the
old days
of like Craigs List and people I don't
know maybe having an email in there
maybe having a phone number maybe
responding to people like it like the
system maybe being a real person like
Facebook for all of its flaws steals so
much of your data oh that it knows that
you're a real person and is pretty good
at connecting real people to other real
people
but this has become a
complete play
on the platform it's actually unusable
at this point and I even if you're like
if you want to sort from low to high you
you like can't get out of the drgs here
no you can't because there's so many
listed for free or $1 or whatever like
fake listings exactly you can't really
get to I came across this because we we
did that video recently with the PS5
killer where we built a system out of
just the cheapest possible components
that we could get um targeting $500 for
the completed build but but still being
decent for gaming and what I what I ran
into was compared to when I did it a
little while earlier like I don't know
maybe a year ago or something I don't
remember the last time I sorted by
lowest and searched for computer cases
because you can absolutely get just
ratty computer cases for free or for 10
bucks cuz people are just trying to get
rid of them it is 100% a thing but the
problem is that and they still exist
they are still all over Facebook
Marketplace people just trying to get R
to prove a point not that long ago about
how you you can get computer cases for
free and it was hard to prove because
there's so many like stupid listings
that I actually couldn't find one but
they are out there yes it's just it
takes flipping forever to dig through
all the people free custom PC Building
and upgrades that is not what free means
click on yeah click on that one actually
that's a service
I'm offering a completely free PC
Building and upgrade service the service
is free the parts are not I've been
finding I have a lot of free time okay
that may actually be
free maybe maybe it also might just be a
scam I don't know who knows uh the point
though is that that is a thing that's
absolutely out there but it's really
hard to find because people are just
inserting their random stuff that isn't
free into my like free stuff that I'm
looking for so I'm I'm just real
frustrated with this and if anyone from
Facebook is watching this I'd like you
to know that this is not okay this harms
the user it has no benefit to Facebook
whatsoever if anything you should want
people posting what these things are
actually worth because I'm sure that
that that's data that you're mining what
was the last price something was listed
for what was it using Machine Vision or
whatever on the pictures and uh you know
who was it sold to who was the last
person they were talking to like all
that stuff is absolutely being mined by
Facebook and so it's not helpful for
your data collection to have people
listing stuff for free that is not in
fact free so please please fix your
stuff and thank you very much this is
this is a sidebar thing we've done two
topics this is a sidebar thing but uh PC
Builders free Z we are young
entrepreneurs anticipated to build your
computer you're giving away a uh video
that's coming soon DM for more info
prices negot
do better postings than that um yeah we
we're we're we are definitely going to
be hiring someone on like Craigslist at
some point oh we're not going to do it
soon now because I you know we're
talking about it on W show and I'd like
for it to be a surprise I don't want
anyone baiting us but uh yeah I I just
we're we're going to pit like Craigslist
versus Facebook Marketplace versus kiji
or something yeah like or or some we'll
put some we'll put some kind of fun spin
on it but something along those lines or
like me versus uh me versus someone on
Facebook Marketplace who volunteered to
build my computer no guys I'm not saying
this is a price bait and switch it it it
might be what I was pointing out is that
like if you're trying to start a
business by like working on computers
write a better post than that yeah no
one's going to message you we are young
entrepreneurs anticipated to build
computers DM for more
info no one's going to Care there's so
many different offers like this like
write a better post I don't care or wor
worst case scenario rip off someone
else's better post CH anything is better
than that do something yeah yep cuz man
it's not even it it doesn't even matter
how good your computer is at that point
people will assume it's bad because if
you can't be arsed to write a decent
description then what are the odds
you're going to C be ARS to Cable manage
my computer yeah the photo is also
terrible as well like clearly not yours
you clearly ripped this off from
somebody yeah so like I the whole thing
just sucks do a better job
anyways I'd like to see I'd like to see
how you know your um selfstarter
entrepreneur business goes oh wait I can
see how that goes let's watch Luke Mo
laon someone brought up this video
apparently it was uh how they were
introduced to the
channel really yeah I ran into someone a
couple days ago in the this was the
first video they ever saw yeah cuz not
many people saw this video Yeah he was
like yeah I watched summer jobs and I
was like what he was like yeah you and
line is like mowing things and like
picking berries I was like really cuz
this was supposed to be a whole series
like we had a whole bunch of ideas
for um man why did I think this was
funny Mo grass Mo Problems I remember
Yeah man cuz we take care of the
problems we mow them we mow the grass we
mow your problems they're gone problems
be
shortened oh man ah why do you let me
get away with this stuff cuz really
you're yeah this is one of those things
where it's kind of like what I was
talking about before where PR sure I
just showed up and the shirt was there
where there's certain places you are at
certain times that make you
complicit basically a Nazi
what I I really liked this series I'm I
wish it did a little better to be
completely honest oh yeah I wanted to do
way more of this kind of stuff what's
funny is there's creators that
effectively do this now as their whole
thing and they are very successful
really so it's the problem is ended up I
think we were like early or we just suck
yeah one of the two so we have good good
ideas and bad execution yeah what am I
even looking at here why why is this why
is this the viewership Spike because
people are coming back after the adpot
come on now no but that's too big oh
that's way too big of a spike I have no
idea that maybe it's that this is
finally where I managed to get someone
to agree to let me mow their a long time
I had forgotten in between painting
houses and doing this series how very
very very much work door to-door sales
are you better get used to just constant
rejection what was that that was what
someone said from inside their house
can't come to the door I'm naked okay
like okay sure I also cuz I I had done
the mowing lawns thing and lots of other
stuff when I was a kid as well and I
think when you're like
12 there's a much higher chance they're
just going to be like yeah whatever sure
yeah when you're like just some grownup
dude yeah with a mo mo mo grass Mo
Problems shirt or whatever I think
there's a much lower chance to that you
literally made yourself with an inkjet
transfer the quality was not good it was
not good yeah yeah SB mowing dude's
whole channel is going to random hoses
with overgrown Lawns and mowing it for
them um I think he does that he does it
for free I think I I've I've actually
heard of that and those are like extreme
overgrown situations we were just going
to people's houses with like Lawns that
were probably mostly
fine yeah like he he tackles some you
can't even see the sidewalk and he's
like clearing it out like this this is a
kind of a different it's almost like
restoration videos yeah yeah definitely
a
thing some of these videos have a ton of
views dude I know I know someone who
watches these just for like almost like
relaxing background noise yeah I can see
that yeah this is great she thought I
was crazy till she realized there's a
sidewalk
there who like what 23 million views I
know right dang I know we got mow more
Lawns there's so many niches no we got
to mow more side walks yeah that's true
um all
right next topic I don't know Dan what
are we even supposed to be doing right
now he said next topic I think yeah but
he said that cuz we thought we had only
done one sorry next topic yeah topic two
is also just another topic if you're uh
too far along uh no we've already done
two topics Dan okay you want to move on
or you want to do a third topic yeah
yeah yeah yeah okay well merch messages
I guess okay cool let's do it uh merch
messages they're the way to interact
with the show don't send a twitch bit
don't send a whatever the other things
are called Super Chat you want to send a
merch message because it will come up
down here like Trev John B so sorry is
it Trevor or is it
John no it's TR Trev John Trev John got
him um The Best of Both Worlds actually
yeah I love it like you wouldn't want to
be
Oran yeah yeah it's much better to be
Trev John I actually agree yeah anyway
the point is no offense if your name is
Oran yeah Oran strong name good name yep
uh anyway the point is your message will
show up down here or it'll go over to
producer Dan who will reply to it uh or
it will uh get forwarded to someone
internally who can answer it for you or
it will go to me and Luke as a curated
merch message and it will become a topic
of discussion for the show in order to
send one all you got to do is head on
over to LTT store.com and in
the cart there will be a box that you
fill out with a merch message and it'll
show up in our dashboard and uh instead
of just throwing money at the screen hey
you get to also get some high quality
merchandise delivered directly to your
door oh
oh and there's a couple of pretty
important things that are going on on
the store right now today is the last
day of our free shipping for your entire
order promo oh yes for the Retro
colorway of the LTT screwdriver so under
Tools
screwdriver this colorway here you go
gives you free shipping for your entire
order yes that includes International
and overseas uh man I was reading
through reviews on the site again the
other day it is amazing like how many
outstanding reviews we get of everything
it's almost like the products are really
good it's really cool uh thank you guys
so much for your feedback I really do
appreciate those reviews and I do read
them um someone changed their float
plane name to Oran
um uh I know that you changed it I just
want to know what the other option
was what
Oran I'm sorry this that's not even a
joke that's just nothing I deserve
nothing why are you laughing why do you
enable me so bad oh man you know what's
really bad is the state of my back right
now this is a good couch yeah do you
want me to do you want me to pop it up
uh you know what that's actually not a
terrible idea all right um yeah I'll get
the merch messages started in the
meantime oh right no no I'll show them
I'll show them the other really exciting
thing that's going on on the store
okay okay okay so after you add your
screwdriver see I don't get it but you
guys are going to love this apparently
because you guys can't resist this stuff
okay so watch this okay view cart uh one
of the really cool features that we have
on the store is called the bonus bin uh
when you order when you place an order
you're allowed to select a free
complimentary gift we don't like sending
unsolicited gifts so if you don't want
anything you don't have to it does cost
us money uh sorry what' you say I said
Dan this is going to be rough okay um I
don't know yeah we don't have to send
you anything but we also don't want to
cheap out on you so we let you pick what
complimentary gift you
want and we've got some new
stuff uh just a little more
Loop that feels pretty good on my butt
okay I'm
good thank you for filling up my butt no
holder problem Oh even the uh yeah
that's what's failing it seems to be a
problem I don't know where that is so um
Good Luck everybody I am meanwhile going
to show you guys all the new pins we
have pin series 4 is here we've got a
CD other more different CD ooh RGB
Edition we've got the stubby screwdriver
as a
pin we've got loving two Factor
authentic
as a pin and the one that's going to
make float plane flip out the most the
bread sorus enamel pin uh yeah Luke
you're going to have to give her a
little more buddy it's working really
well over here so it might be another
one on that side no no no I can I can
feel it filling back up okay I can feel
it in my butt uh okay I think we're good
yep that's really great except the
framing for the show is wrong now I I
can fix no problem no no no you're good
Dan you're good need blood in my legs
anyway so yeah that makes sense that
would be nice okay cool anyway Luke have
you seen the bread sorus pin yet no but
I have now and it's fantastic is that
amazing or what it's pretty amazing
absolutely love it all right have a seat
FL plan's going crazy have a seat right
over there oh wow I know yeah we're um
this is a huge wow I'm Too Tall now
we're actually I'm too I'm Too Tall
which is like I haven't felt that way
since I was in
Japan I actually didn't I didn't even I
didn't even notice until I was thinking
about that
um you know Europeans will often talk
about going to Japan and feeling out of
place and I was like well I don't I
found my people yeah exactly every
everyone seems exactly the right
[Laughter]
size um yeah so bread Source I have a
feeling Dan uh that there's about to be
a uh an order explosion
iect people didn't realize that the pins
were as amazing as they are and as usual
the pins are not limited edition they're
not limited print they're not numbered
or anything like
that but I have no idea when or if we
will ever make these designs again so uh
if you want one you should probably move
pretty quickly and get any pins that you
want do you know if we're still doing
the pins of my birds I have no idea okay
H yeah that would be a sarra question
sarra got it sarra takes care of that
for anyway Dan do you want to hit us
with a couple merch messages sure thing
uh this one's from Dylan hi lldd what is
the worst stunt a company has tried to
pull on a consumer in your lifetime oh
wow I
mean dude there's like man what what
what what what was uh uh who who was who
was the defendant Johnson and Johnson in
the in the baby powder thing where they
marketed that powder specifically for
babies that it turns out is like bad for
your respiratory system oh wow like and
didn't they try to declare B hold on
hold on before uh Johnson and
John baby powder
settlement uh Johnson Johnson will pay
$700 million and then didn't they try to
didn't they try to pull a move where
they were going to like declare
bankruptcy or spin it out to a different
company or something in order to claim
they had no money or something I don't I
don't remember all the details but like
dude no no no no Johnson and Johnson
reach his deal for 8.9 billion talc
settlement facing a flood of lawsuits
claiming that their tal products cause
cancer I mean there is no such thing as
a worst thing that a company has done um
because there's always a new bar man I
I'm sorry I just I have no idea how to
even respond to
that what's
next um how would you guys recommend
dealing with the possibility of your
company being purchased by a huge
investment firm I'm
scared oh interesting so is this a I get
I assume I think it's their company is
going to be purchased not lmg okay well
you know who would actually be best
qualified to answer this question is
Luke because for me as a as the owner of
the company how would I feel well
there's no risk of that we're not a
publicly traded company so there's no
possibility of a hostile takeover the
only way to take over the company is to
reach an agreement with me to buy the
company but Luke I'm sure you had a lot
of things going through your mind back
when we had the offer on the company and
I talked to you about it where I think
the the the goal of the acquiring
company and obviously my goal was for
the company to continue to be a good
place to work that I would want to work
and my friends would want to work and
that would keep making money for the
acquirer because otherwise why would
they buy
um so you know knowing that in good
faith everyone wanted the company to be
good I'm sure you still had some
concerns yeah I mean I'm pretty sure in
in without mincing words I said I didn't
think I'd last more than two years
something like that yeah I I don't
remember exactly what I
said I hadn't planned to mention
that I don't know I just no no no no no
I mean I I mean it doesn't matter the
deal's dead I just mean throughout the
deal that's not something I would have
mentioned I I mean I knew I knew that I
said I would give it a shot you know but
I just I was like I'm but like what were
your concerns not made for this world I
don't know you hear like think about
Facebook and Oculus yeah right like this
this is a story that has repeated itself
many times throughout history we are
going to buy this company we are going
to make no changes we're going to do it
exactly the same way that the leadership
is going to stay they did it because we
recognize that the the success the
strategy that has brought them their
current success has has been so
effective and we respect that and we
blah blah blah blah blah blah everyone
knows what to say it's actually funny
how probably easily okay we haven't had
a chat GPT moment on the show in quite
some time yeah I'm going to ask I'm
going to get you to talk about you know
sort of how you were feeling a little
bit more and I'm going to ask chat GPT
to write up a statement for me
announcing my mega corporation's
takeover of a small competitor
nice yeah we'll see how that goes um but
yeah I just I assumed it would like I
don't know I've always had some amount
of issue with us like becoming a big
company um but I think we've done a lot
of the the right things right if that
makes sense and it's been okay um
there's some parts of being a big
company that I still don't love but
there are also some parts of it that I
think are pretty freaking cool like we
can do some pretty insane things right
now that would not have been possible if
we were still 10 people like how would
we have made
screwdriver would have never happened um
so there's
there's there's positives and negatives
but I often do shift towards small
company now when you have big
conglomerate consuming small company
that isn't like
this reasonable growth rate where you
can kind of get used to the size
increase and start understanding how to
operate within this bigger thing and try
to make sure that you keep the the
benefits of the small team within the
big Team all that kind of stuff that's a
sudden massive takeover of a ginormous
company that is going to impose a lot of
big company things onto the small
company whether they say they're going
to or not it's like going to happen uh
because they have to be responsible for
more stuff that big companies ought to
be responsible for so I thought it would
kill the culture I thought it would kill
my drive to be involved in it and
frankly there's lots of other things
that I could go do if I wanted to but I
don't want to but if that happened maybe
would have wanted to because in no small
part I was rather certain that he also
wouldn't have
lasted I wanted to try to yep and I said
that I would have as well
um and you might have I don't know I
don't know I um I'm a little bit more
convinced now that you might have been
able to really compared to then I was
pretty I was feeling pretty burned out
back then I think that's a big part of
why I was entertaining it at all um and
I think honestly I think going through
that process was part of figuring out if
I still had it in me uh I I don't know
that that would have been my exit
strategy regardless of whether I was
done or not I might have just hung up
the screwdriver and said see you um but
like I I just I think I think it was
just part of figuring out okay what's
worth more to me doing this job or a
giant bucket of money yeah
um you know some days I'm just like uh
I don't want to get up but that's work
right you also have to like the the
decline that you see in people after
they retire yeah is like pretty intense
oh dude I'd be so bored and there's some
people you know that that don't do that
but those people almost always are
people that are going to have very
involved Hobbies or that like start up
something else maybe it's a a group of
people nonprofit or something that they
like it's it's just a new thing that
they pour all their time into maybe it
doesn't have to be as successful as
career was but it's it's like some new
thing um but you have to keep moving you
have to keep trying things you have to
keep the mental stimulation high or
decline fast you know about the you know
there was kind of like a wave of recent
high-profile uh uh content creator
retirements uh do you remember talking
to me about those at all do you do you
remember me saying I didn't think they'd
last yeah so like have any of them
lasted at this point like already I uh I
have something pretty funny
to show you I was invited to a party
recently which is a first for me by the
way so
um good good job good job
congratulations lce doesn't get invited
to parties well no normally I have to I
have to throw them I have to pay for the
whole thing and then I have to pay
people to come to them it's like to be
fair I've invited you and you've never
gone um made it show
up I no I I'm pretty sure I came to uh I
did you had a games night when you Rel
Liv in the basement here still I met um
I met that uh that couple oh yeah yeah
wow and you explained all about um that
couple to me yeah um
okay yeah you know I know you were
talking about earlier today are you not
allowed to say that I I'm not sure okay
yeah I'm not sure if it's uh I'm not
sure if it's private or not but
basically um it seems
like very few people
kind of figured out that like PE busy
people like they don't stay they don't
stay not busy uh man like my uh my
family has been out of town this week
and I have no idea what to do with
myself when I am not just swamped with
working on the company working on family
stuff like I um I was just like
well I guess I'll go play badminton
tonight I have absolutely nothing else
to do I I have nothing else and like I
think that can work like if you
literally just played badminton like
every day or something at least you're
doing something it would probably get
old it would just get really boring but
that's it I've got work I've got my
family and I've got badminton so you
take away if you take away any and like
my kids are going to move out at some
point so one of them is going to one of
them is going to end up ific less time
consuming at some point and so if you
take away work like or like yeah man I
go crazy I go crazy man yeah I I I'm
pretty pretty strong on the the mental
stimulation stuff I um I always don't
tighten it all the way if you can get it
just right then it'll droop with
us I'm kidding I'm kidding I'm kidding
that's a lot no no no no no I'm kidding
Dan I'm just readjusting uh anyway Luke
I'd like you instead of worrying about
any of that to listen to this carefully
crafted statement okay dear new team
member we are thrilled to extend a warm
welcome to each and every one of you as
we embark on an exciting new chapter
together as you may be aware your
company name has recently acquired
acquired company name and we couldn't be
more enthusiastic about the prospect of
joining forces with such a talented and
dynamic team we understand that any
transition especially one involving a
merger or acquisition can be accompanied
by uncertainty and apprehension please
rest assured that our primary goal
throughout this process is to ensure a
smooth and seamless integration one that
prioritizes the well-being and success
of every individual involved here at
your company name we firmly believe in
fostering a culture of collaboration
respect and inclusivity we recognize and
appreciate the unique strengths and
perspectives that each of you brings to
the table and we are committed to
creating an environment where everyone
feels valued supported and empowered to
thrive in the coming days and weeks you
can expect open communication channels
transparent updates and ample
opportunities for feedback and dialogue
we're here to listen to your concerns
answer your questions and address any
challenges that may arise along the way
while change can be daunting it also
presents countless opportunities for
growth Innovation and shared success
together we have the chance to achieve
remarkable things and make a lasting
impact in our industry and Beyond once
again welcome to the your company name
family we are honored and excited to
have you on board and we look forward to
getting to know each of you better as we
embark on this journey
together wow so the prompt I gave it was
my large company is about to acquire a
smaller competitor we want to craft a
statement to send to the new team to
assuage their fears can you please
provide a template that was the most
generic sounding horse that I think
I have ever heard it sure was to be fair
you usually get generic sounding horse
but what I was going to say is but it
was only the most generic sounding
because there are so many other things
it's tied with yeah yeah it's the same
as that's a good point and my biggest
problem with that is that just reeks so
hard of like big company crap scitech
Evo says it's horribly perfect yeah it's
it's it says exactly the right thing
because it has absolutely no personality
whatsoever because it's an AI or it's a
generic like comms person I I talked
about how you even did 3.5 instead of
four um have I ever talked to you about
how oh sorry good uh do you even have it
under your plan are you I'm not
sure upgrade to plus no I don't yeah I
do but I'm not logged into that account
um it's really really good four at least
I haven't messed with 3.5 with this but
I'm sure it's still fine um four is
really good at legal
writing very good so like man is it is
are we about to enter the era of cease
and desists to everyone over everything
oh probably I guarant tell it to write a
season just right now even with
3.5 uh I mean sure yeah I I guarantee
you it would do just
fine
um oh man my
neighbors kid it's very good at because
and and like it probably I find that
usually the first pass won't sound super
legal easy but you can you can poke it
and be like nah make it more legal easy
make it more legal easy and just keep
going and it'll keep making it just like
my neighbor's kid keeps trespassing on
my lawn can you write up a cease and
desist that sounds like it came from an
expensive
lawyer here we go your name your address
city state ZIP code your email address
your phone number date your neighbors
Etc re cease and desist demand regarding
trespassing I'm to writing you I'm
writing to you on behalf of your name
the legal owner and resident of your
address it has come to my attention that
on numerous occasions your child child's
name has trespassed onto my property
located at your address despite prior
informal requests to cease such Behavior
the trespassing persists causing both
inconvenience and potential liability
concerns trespassing is a violation of
property rights and is actionable under
the laws of this jurisdiction as such I
demand you immediately instruct your
child to refrain from entering onto my
property without express permission
failure to comply with this demand will
leave me with no choice but to pursue
legal action to protect my property
rights furthermore I must emphasize the
importance of your responsibility as a
parent to ensure that your child
understands the consequences of their
actions and respects the boundaries of
of others properties continuation of
this Behavior will not be tolerated and
may result in further legal action
please govern your child's conduct
accordingly and take the necessary steps
to prevent any future trespassing
incidents I trust that this matter will
be resolved amicably and without the
need for further escalation this letter
serves as formal notice of my demand I
expect prompt compliance with this
demand and confirmation of such
compliance in writing within insert a
reasonable time frame eg7 days of the
date of this letter should you have any
questions or require clarification
regarding this matter do not hesitate to
contact me your earliest convenience see
and if you received that because so many
legal letters are
very yeah however please be advised that
any communication should be directed
through my legal representative to
ensure proper documentation and
adherence to Legal protocol thank you
for your immediate attention to this
matter it would sound legit if I
received it yeah why why do I pay for
lawyers yeah I don't know I'm sure
there's a
reason
yeah anyways next topic uh oh yeah right
oh wait did we even do two merge
messages uh let's do one more hit me Dan
oh my God uh how you doing over there
Dan oh yeah cool that makes
sense I mean you know that's how people
die on those
right that's fair that's mer messages
merge messages I got my headphones off
uh hey lonus have you enjoyed playing
Horizon zero Dawn are you going to play
forbidden West now that it's on PC yeah
I really enjoyed zero Dawn I picked it
up because I needed something demanding
to play on the steam deck while I
reviewed it that felt like something
that should have absolutely no right to
run well on the steam deck and other
than some crashes and some chugging
particularly late game uh I enjoyed the
heck out of it I uh yeah I I loved it I
thought aloy was just an awesome
character cool yeah I like her without
giving anything away because forbidden
West just came out so people if they
haven't already might be picking up zero
Dawn in order to play them back to back
and I respect that I get it um so
without giving anything away I thought
that the story was just so much fun to
uncover as you make your way through the
game did you play it zero Dawn yeah uh I
tried and it wouldn't run on my computer
at all this was quite a while ago I
still want to play it some other time
but I haven't I haven't like I haven't
played a single video game in the last
week oh yeah it's fantastic man I've
been gaming more than you lately yeah
dude okay I'll I'll talk about this
after but uh yeah yeah really enjoyed it
I had not actually intended to play
forbidden West though no and it's not
selling nearly as well as zerod Dawn did
there's a number of tons of hype around
zerod Dawn and it was a fantastic game
I'm sad that the followup wasn't maybe
as good well no forbidden West is
supposed to be really good like that's
not the issue was it just not talked
about a lot or something I've seen some
spec culation that um part of why zero
Dawn got so much attention was it was
one of the first big PlayStation
exclusives to make its way to PC with a
good Port like an actually good Port um
it was dude it's rated really well yeah
yeah so I think that what I realized 93%
positive on Steve right now that's
really good I know I know I think that
what I realized though when I tried to
play Tears of the Kingdom
was that I am forat I I don't think I I
don't think I I think I don't I don't
need to play that game again right um I
need a new world and I get it she she
goes to a new world but you can never
have as much depth to the World building
as you did in the first one the first
one is from already established the
machines all that kind of stuff from her
childhood to her
adulthood
um and again without too many spoilers
really exploring how what happened how
did we get here um I don't need to just
like go meet new people and see new
environments and um I do think that like
I said one of the things I love so much
about zerod Dawn is that I think aloy is
an outstanding Central character she's
just super she's super cool she's super
relatable um
um that's always a pretty big thing for
me like the reason why I liked
Assassin's Creed 2 and the follow-ups
Brotherhood and Ascension is that Etso
is such a fantastic main character to be
able to Pilot it's like actually a
pretty big deal to like like the
character that you're playing um so that
helps a lot Dave G on Twitch says you're
wrong forbidden West goes full desert
Jungle Island Paradise it does expand on
the original in every way but that's
exactly it I I'm not interested in he's
not looking for an expansion on an
original I just said I don't just want
to see new environments and meet new
characters which is fine that's a
personal preference for him that that
doesn't mean it's a bad game 93% of
people like a great game sounds like a
fantastic game but there's no such thing
as wrong yeah um yeah like it's just
what what I I really wanted to love
tears of the kingdom and what I realized
is I don't need to play that game some
more with uh with a building mechanic
and some new environments to explore
like I breath of the wild was if I'm
being honest probably my favorite game
but I just didn't need to play any more
of it I can feel that way sometimes not
all the time I I think like um like
going from morwin to Oblivion I just
wanted more Oblivion like Oblivion was
great I had no problem with that but
there are definitely some games like the
Far Cry
series oh my
God this is the same game for the 18th
time like I don't I don't need this
again like and it and it kind of sucks
because the it's not even the same game
it's worse the gamep play is just story
is so there's so many stupid little
things to do and oh man I could talk
about this forever but um like the the
World building is fantastic some of the
scenes in some of the new far CES are
like this is a beautiful landscape that
I don't care to explore it's like all
right and the thing is that there's
there's so um there's so many other
options out there that I don't and I I I
find precious little time to game
typically um however there has been an
exception recently I told you I came
home I have I've had no family for a
week um and you know how I've T I've
probably talked to you about how usually
I'm pretty good at time zone adjustments
like I'm kind of the jet leg King in
general and we've both actually usually
been pretty good at that that's been
necessary we sort of had to learn it
early on a lot of Our Lives guys like
some of those trips we did were just
like such short turnarounds the Japan
trip will always be legendary for them
oh man we were in the country for like
30 hours or something that the I think
the I think my most ridiculous one was
uh when um David and I did Germany
Germany I remember this in like less
than 48 it was I think it was under 48
Hours doorstep to doorstep or something
like that I'd have to look up the travel
logs maybe it wasn't quite that extreme
but that included a full work day on the
other side like it was absolutely nuts
because because we were working during
their work day so we were doing just
wild stuff um anyway the point is that
I'm usually pretty good at it and I can
kind of plan things out and go okay yeah
here's how I'm going to get enough sleep
that I can do a long go and then I can
pass the F out at the right time and
then wake up refreshed totally you also
do some pre-preparation before the trip
starts just start shifting your sleep
schedule I don't have time for that I've
done it before yeah I don't usually do
it but I've done it before okay so on my
way back from Japan um I was like okay
so here's what I'm going to do I'm going
to um hang out for a little bit I will I
will I will stay up for like three or
four hours of the flight and then I'm
going to sleep this the last half and
then uh I'm going to get home I'm going
to make it through the whole day because
I was Landing in the morning and then
I'll go to bed early I should be good
and so I fired up Dave the
diver
and then all of a sudden we landed in
Vancouver yeah I was just gonna say have
you played it at all no but I saw I saw
you load it up on Steam but somehow
steam like indicated to me that you were
on a uh handheld yeah I was playing on
the Ally but I didn't I didn't I'm
trying to remember how it even did that
and I didn't realize that steam would
indicate like what device the person was
yeah that's weird I'm surprised of that
but I knew you were on your ally because
of something steam indicated to me I
don't know how anyways I saw you load up
Dave the diver and I asked you like how
it was but you probably didn't see it
cuz you were on the I was playing Dave
the diver yeah but yeah so it's that
good nothing else exists when you're
playing Dave the diver wow okay it's
it's actually kind of
mindblowing how
much
um just like they they kind of over it's
it's like ano where there's always four
things you need to be doing right now
yeah five six
did you did you forget about two get get
on it like like it's ah um and the and
the fishing is just like it it's way too
satisfying it's there are some I'm F I'm
probably about I've got about 12 hours
in it and I am finding some stuff is
getting a little bit tedious but I'm
already starting to see hints that
travel is going to get a little faster
and stuff and like the fishing for just
like random fish for the restaurant is
going to start to matter less and stuff
like that but they just they just keep
unlocking new gameplay mechanics and new
stuff to strive for and you haven't even
finished the last thing at all and
they're they're throwing a new thing at
you and you're like anyway yeah it's
really good um which you guys didn't
need me to tell you because it's that's
a that'sa yeah that's a very highly
rated game yeah isn't it like not really
indie or something like that like the
team behind overwhelmingly positive with
almost 90,000 reviews yeah
um yeah I thought this was
like yeah
Nexon yeah yeah that's a pretty big deal
yeah it has it has like that super kind
of fun intimate Indie Vibe but there is
so much content and so many like there's
entire games that have been built within
the game like it clearly Took a ton of
work yeah that's awesome yeah really
good it's great I did a I filmed a
fiplan exclusive this week uh which is
like I don't know what the heck to title
it but it's um it's my Starfield review
where I talk about Starfield for I think
it's like two
sentences what how is that a video uh
and I actually end up talking about like
the gaming industry and like how
everything was going down for a long
time but how I don't think it's like
actually that bad because I think we're
at this part of the curve ooh inflection
point let's go yeah because Indies have
been actually pretty good for pretty
much the whole time there's been you
know Indie like fantastic Indies that
have trickled through pretty much the
whole time but we're I think my whole
thing is about how I think certain old
companies are dying and we're seeing
offshoots come out of those companies
like um I don't want to spoil all of it
but yeah I think it's actually pretty
good you should check it
out
anyways topic new topic yeah I think Dan
just wandered away so I guess uh yeah
we're on our own yeah you want to pick
one Luke
sure um oh on that subject why don't we
talk about um the Xbox thing yeah why
don't we talk about Phil Spencer's
comments this week according to Chris
during of gamesindustry.biz sources he
spoke to at this year's games developer
conference showed a clear lack of
confidence in the future of Xbox
insiders at two wait sorry I thought we
were talking about Phil Spencer uh
blaming capitalism for uh for everything
that's going wrong in the games industry
yeah that's a fun one cuz that
was no matter
look no matter what side of you know is
capitalism good or is capitalism bad or
you know or whatever whatever Microsoft
blaming capitalism is do genuinely
hilarious
yes the the irony is dripping off of
this entire situation while they try to
like gobble up everything in the AI
industry so I can own it all I'm 100%
here for it uh
yeah yeah pretty great okay sorry go
ahead anyways yeah insiders at two
companies told him that Xbox's
performance in Europe is flatlining and
many European retailers are cutting back
on Xbox stocks uh Xbox stock not stocks
in response to a significant slump in
sales Publishers likewise are apparently
reconsidering supporting the platform
during likewise suggests that if these
Trend sorry during during there
yeah my eyes sucked I thought there was
another ey before dring sorry dring um
likewise suggest that if these Trends
continue we may see a majority of Xbox
games also coming to PS5 Phil Spencer
has acknowledged that the console Market
is gradually shrinking even as gaming is
growing as an industry see that's a
funny thing can I pause for a second
here yeah PC sales shrinking console
sales shrinking game industry growing
game industry growing mobile mile
phones also
shrinking really
yeah like Apple's
like are we going to sell iPhones more
iPhones right now I think the Market's
kind of saturated so
basically this and no one has to I think
this Pursuit Of Constant growth is not
sustainable Phil are
you are you are you in there became Phil
I yeah it's it's I think we're at a
market saturation point for a lot of
this stuff I think no one has to replace
PCS no one has to replace phones and no
one really wants to replace consoles
yeah and honestly they look pretty darn
good you probably don't really need to
anyways yeah what are you really going
to gain at this point from a new
generation of
consoles uh for sure something but do
you want to spend $800 on it $900 on it
more than that uh 6K
sorry go ahead anyways um yeah Phil
Spencer yeah Phil Spencer has
acknowledged that the console Market is
gradually shrinking even as gaming
industry is growing because gamers are
more increasingly attracted to handheld
and PC options Spencer even floated the
idea of bringing third-party stores to
the Xbox to make it more like a PC or
exploring different Hardware form
factors which many have speculated might
be an illusion to a future XBox handheld
further Windows Central's jez cordin has
claimed that Microsoft has an existing
prototype for just such a handheld which
would make sense can I just say that hon
wouldn't be hard to
do this is pretty much what I've been
predicting for a really long time like
you get to do the whole thing where
you're right about stuff many many years
in advance all the time you know what
it's my turn it's my time to shine here
because as soon as they went x86 I was
like okay their computers now this is a
matter of time it look I think we're
finally getting there and can I just say
Microsoft if anyone's watching can you
just rip off the Band-Aid now yeah I
think that's been the whole problem
because you've been right like they
could have done this pivot even faster
but they wanted to move to the platform
and then not embrace it they keep and
now they're sort of embracing it look
they keep half-assing it you know it
keeps okay games for Windows Live and
we're going to no no we're like really
going to focus on
P and we're and like with this new
direct and the they like they they keep
oh yeah we're g we're doing crossplay
we're doing crossplay we're just do it
ju just rip it off be a PC company do it
and keep making Hardware keep making
super affordable PCS but hey maybe the
Xbox would be more competitive
if your everything does everything
Appliance actually did everything like
oh I don't know a computer what
if XBox became a certification like
remember when they were trying so hard
to build the Xbox that you know what
took over was was like the center of
your living room and then remember when
like just prior to that they had tried
to do Media Center
piece hello can the right hand just talk
to the left hand and you could have done
it yeah what remember when people were
hacking the connect to hook it up to PCS
and doing all kinds of really cool stuff
with it way cooler than anything that
existed on the
Xbox would have been nice
just do
it
Embrace Embrace anyone remember that
Meme Embrace
these thank you thanks Shia um Embrace
these handhelds because otherwise there
this is actually a threat right now this
is your chance Microsoft this is don't
ignore the steam
deck this is your chance and Xbox going
it alone is not the way to go Windows
already has the
momentum just turn the Xbox into a store
into a certification into a a
realistically a game
development
Monopoly um
because that's I I I just I don't think
I don't think the hardware makes sense
anymore and I'm not saying that consoles
are going anywhere I don't think
Nintendo is going to be done making
consoles in the next decade or two like
they are they are they are just the
kings of this is our this is my ball and
this is where I play with it here in my
wall garden and if you like it then you
can come inside and play with me and if
you don't like it then you can off
that's you think they're more the kings
of that than Apple uh oh yeah I think so
interesting yeah yeah apple apple
contributes they did put like Mario run
out and stuff like that yeah but Apple
contributes in a big way to Industry
standards in a way that I don't think
that I'm necessarily convinced that
Nintendo does that's a pretty good
argument and and I'm not saying Nintendo
doesn't do anything in that regard uh
but Apple you got to remember like for
all the for all the whining that we've
done about how how long it's taken Apple
to support
USBC Apple shipped the first computer
with a USBC port on it they freaking
co-invented the standard yeah like come
on yeah that's what drives me so crazy
about Apple is how capable they are of
innovation yeah and how they just choose
to do it in ways that are
just
so there's a really good question in
here uh which is why doesn't Xbox
already have a
handheld um honestly I think that's
quite Fair well you can only do so much
though like something that's easy to
forget I think is that Microsoft is a
relative newcomer to the console game
right so the the the the the handheld
the first handheld boom right was the
Game
Boy The Game Gear
failed um like has been 23 years though
it's been sure sure but like the
handheld boom that that happened like
the first one they were not a
participant then I would say sort of
your next Game Boy era we talking about
yeah the first one and then
Nintendo kind of was I mean they
realistically like they were kind of
half arsonate for a long time they were
the only one I forget hold on Game Boy
uh release date I guarantee you this
will surprise you a little bit okay
April
1989 and the second generation of Game
Boy was just the Game Boy Color it it
just
played Game Boy games um
1998 late 1998 it was n and a half years
for them to go from the Game Boy to the
Game Boy Color that actually does
surprise me that's actually pretty wild
which got color ized games but the
graphics still sucked like it was it was
sure it was better but it was not um it
was not the kind of generational
Improvement that you might expect in N9
and a half years these days
um and then Nintendo has kind of like
done its own thing in its own completely
closed off Garden Sega failed to compete
Sony had
one moderate success with the PSP and
then just tanked it with the Vita it was
backlit it was not back lit Game Boy
Color was not back lit I know yeah Game
Boy Color was backlit no I think so no
hold
on Game Boy Color backlight screen
replacement kit thing that you can buy
to make it a backlit oh no yeah you're
right not backlit it is not backlit yeah
that's right yeah no it like it like
wasn't that much better I yeah I forgot
about that part even yeah yeah cuz you
used to have like do you remember the
monstrosities that people would the
front lights the magnetizers the
speakers like people used to have crazy
accessories for Game Boy colors it was
actually wild you had like a whole case
I have one of the original like Game
Gear cases with a whole bunch of kind
sick actually uh yeah the Game Boy
advanced was the was the first um
Nintendo handheld with an integrated
backlight so uh GBA release date here we
go so that wouldn't be until June of
so basically hold on the first Game Boy
Advance had a backl are you
sure that I actually don't know I the
SP the like weirder looking Advanced
okay yeah oh uh yes the so I don't think
that one it's like the it's like the the
flippy one no it wasn't until 2005 that
the SP got a backl it was a revised SP
so it wasn't even the first so from 1989
to 2005 years just to get a backlit
screen it wasn't moving that fast um
anyway my point is that who was
Microsoft supposed to look at and go
yeah this is this great idea this is a
great idea for us to pursue because
remember having a mobile console is not
like having a mobile version of your
console it is a
completely separate platform that
requires completely separate game
development like games used to come out
for the Genesis and for the Game Gear
like you can buy Aladdin for the Genesis
and buy Aladdin for the Game Gear those
are completely different
games 100% different games different
assets different levels different
absolutely everything and so for
Microsoft to to split their forces and
be battling on two fronts might not have
made sense when they're looking at
basically everyone else and everything
else that has existed in the space and
going okay is the total addressable
market for this actually so big that it
makes sense for us to get involved in
this and I think that now now that it's
just a PC and it runs all the same
titles well all of a sudden okay now
that that does make sense because we
don't have to develop completely new
games for this and in fact thank you
Nintendo a lot of really mobile friendly
controller friendly games since 1989
have been developed that people
who you know wear eye patches can enjoy
on our PC yeah and that's that doesn't
have to be official but if it's a PC I
don't know whatever people are running
whatever software they want I don't know
so no I think it's a I think it's a
really good time but I think that they
need to just embrace the windows of it
and just make Windows really good at
this because that's all the original
Xbox was damn it is it was a windows
that was really good at running games
invest some more developer power into
Windows store
and like Xbox store whatever different
well because it's you want more Windows
store yeah actually interesting okay I
want it to be better that's that's my
frustration is like when they're forcing
it into things like I I wanted to
download uh last night if you don't
know what that is uh it's called
something else now no it's not well it
is and it's well okay they they're a
little less oh wow I went to I I
actually also downloaded this recently
and um it was g New Image manipulation
program and I only saw the name
later oh okay well anyway yeah know it's
front and center on the site I didn't go
to the site because I was um I was
installing it on Linux oh we've got a
really fun video coming uh that's like
my thing this show is teasing all the
really good videos we have coming uh I
tried uh the team got together 10 weird
Linux dros for me to try oh that's
actually pretty fun yeah Temple OS uh no
that's not Linux oh yeah no Temple OS is
Temple OS that's good it should just put
in as like a I think what you're
referring to as Temple OS is in fact um
Temple Colonel with okay I don't know I
can't even forget
it um anyways I was downloading that
and I didn't know if I had it or not
already fairly recently got that new
computer so like I might not have
certain programs that I would normally
have so I just typed press start and
typed it just to see if it would show up
and what showed up was the Windows store
link for
it oh and I would like to actually just
be like yeah cool but I don't trust it
because Windows store has always been a
piece of
jun oh my God so I went and downloaded
it manually anyways did you see the um
did you see the subreddit want it to be
wanted me to use Bing for a month oh I
was considering it until I accidentally
did a Bing search for something earlier
this week because uh can't be that much
worse than where Google's at these days
um get ready to be surprised okay
because we needed we needed some
pictures of Elijah for some reason okay
and he was like oh okay let me transfer
them from my phone to and I'm like dude
you're a celebrity at this point how
hard could it be to find a picture of
Elijah online no no no no no I'll don't
worry I got you no I want to show
comparison no no I've got them both okay
okay so I was like okay we'll type your
name and then just to make it easy I'll
put my name sure because that works
really well from from my previous
experience finding someone who works at
Linus Tech tips with the name whatever
it is that you type so bloody H
images huh this is
Bing so some RG rig reboot thing
whatever this is whatever this
is um me because apparently the first
thing I typed is not
important uh yeah that
um we make our way into
peanuts uh we've got shirtless me nice
we've got some other LTT staff nice
nice seriously not a single bloody
picture of someone named Elijah who's
associated with someone named
lonus okay not a one now for a live
demonstration of why what I typed in is
not entirely
[Laughter]
stupid Elijah horer lonus
mediate Elijah Elijah Elijah Elijah
Elijah his face doesn't even showing
this one yeah really Elijah r/ L does
Bing even index Reddit like what are you
guys even
doing wild utterly
unusable absolutely wild actually
unusable that's unfortunate you know
what's funny is if you go back to the
text search just the
search his Wikipedia page comes up or
whatever LinkedIn page LinkedIn page
there it is that's not Elijah but it's
the r team page but it's the r team page
which is which is going to be on yeah so
hold on so if you don't image search it
it actually gives you images better yes
so we managed to find the first two
results are actually
Elijah uh okay who is lonus Media Group
yeah yeah so yeah yeah yeah got it got
it we know about lus Med Elijah Elijah
okay picture maybe picture yeah so if if
it just like use the normal search uh
algo more or something I don't know I
don't know and grabed some images off of
the pages they served up to us like it's
done a better job it's embarrassingly
bad it is inconceivably bad how is it
even possible for that to be that bad
that's pretty frustrating it's worse
than it is I've like like it it knows
and it just is
like I've just like ended up on being a
couple times and the search has actually
been fairly okay and the search right
there was actually fairly okay but I've
never use the images portion and that
was that was garbage yeah it's terrible
actual actual garbage meanwhile I'm
supposed to you know expect to you know
AIS to freaking make appointments for me
and
like
sure uh oh boy um
Qualcomm yeah oh we should probably do
sponsors hey
Dan oh D Dan was going to tell us to do
sponsors he's on it dude he's on
it um yeah that was a pretty intense
merch message surge I think he's got it
more under control now as soon as I was
like pins they were
like I will eat all the pins give me the
pins you shouldn't do that if you must
eat the pins please put the covers on
the sharp part
first won't really do much for you it
might save your throat yeah it'll be
better than if you didn't that's
truebe yeah let's let's let's do it Dan
uh the show is brought to you today
by oh ag1 oh my God it's Dr Luke um okay
sure why not I don't think I would trust
that guy is your house like a museum of
pills I'm talking about vitamins no well
you don't have to buy hundreds of
supplements just to fulfill your daily
nutrition ag1 is here to spring clean
your cupboards and your health it's an
all-in-one supplement and it's easy to
drink it has 75 different vitamins
minerals and antioxidants and is made to
help you focus give you a boost of
energy and promote gut health all you
need is one scoop a day take that Raisin
Bran sorry uh Luke Dennis Maria and a
few members here at lmg have tried or
even use ag1 daily you can mix it in
your smoothie or just drink it with
water they have over 37,000 five-star
reviews from their customers and a 90day
money back guarantee plus ag1 might save
you a few dollars compared to purchasing
all the different vamin separately so
now try ag1 and get a free one-year
supply of vitamin D3 and K2 and five
free ag1 travel packs with your first
purchase at drink a1.com wow check it
out at the link down below the show is
also brought to you by Ridge is your
thing floppy when you pull it out in
front of
everyone
wo wow uh well that's
embarrassing don't have that anymore um
Ridge
[Laughter]
use code when for 10% off the purchase
plus free shipping we're going to have
that linked down below finally the show
is brought to you by vessie Springtime
that means it's time to touch grass with
vessie vessie makes comfortable and
breathable shoes and most importantly
they are very water resistant with
vessie going as far as to call them
waterproof instead of dodging the
puddles now you can dance in the
puddles just like left the alignment
things and they're just scream cap
thanks Dennis um the best thing is
they're not made with rubber like those
generic rain boots on the market they're
light and breathable and super easy to
put on also their products are vegan and
cruelty-free oh with their 365-day
warranty and over 10,000 reviews don't
let the rain stop you from moving vessie
offers all kinds of shoes for different
occasions so you can always find ones
that fit your routine and you can get
15% off your purchase with code wow at
vy.com
slow check them out at the link down
below Bessie's wild dude they've gone
from We're promoting these shoes that as
far as I can tell nobody outside of us
and whoever is watching this video has
ever heard of to like I just casually
see people in vessis constantly have I
told you about
Emma I think you did and I think I was
upset yeah Emma bought vessie just
because she was like these seem cool I
need some like water resistant shoes
whatever didn't realize they were a
sponsor cuz I guess she doesn't have to
watch anything that I do didn't use our
code didn't use our code didn't even use
our I was like dude you could have saved
money you could saved 15% with code W
show at bessie.
comomo yeah yeah yeah yeah get it right
yeah
sheesh and sorry Emma I'm not yelling at
you I'm yelling with you I'm frustrated
with the situation yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah really it's Luke's fault honestly
yeah I should inform her better of all
of our sponsorship
that is I I fully agree uh yeah y that's
on you I'll do better
thanks um what are we supposed to be
doing right now oh three merch messages
all right Dan hit us with some merch
messages I'm trying to find them there's
so many hey lonus how we were to do that
one get the hell out of here hey lmg
team been rocking some new LTT gear
recently and figured I'd grab some more
are there any consumer level products
and that lonus and Luke are especially
excited for in Tech excited for excited
for Consumer products I mean man I've
been pretty into like big TVs lately
yeah high sense has that one coming
that's it's 5 Ines smaller than the TCL
but it's double the number of dimming
zones and double the peak brightness I
think that I it's funny we we did that
video um earlier this week on nvidia's
HDR conversion uh so they take SDR
content and then they just use like
their their um neural processor on their
G GPU and they remap it to an HDR uh so
like a wider gamut and with um uh and
they add I don't know if they actually
add the metadata so they're just yeah
they're just converting it to the wider
um color space and um and then remapping
uh um the brightnesses so Bas basically
they're just doing like on the Fly tone
mapping from SDR to HDR um according to
the capabilities of your display so it's
like it's super cool and there's
problems with it like it kind of Best
Buy effects things sometimes overs
saturates things um and you lose a
little bit of artist intent sometimes
but overall I think I would watch most
things with it rather than without it
it's pretty cool and um by the way some
people commented on the side by side
that we did saying we were using
different monitors we know that uh the
reason that we didn't address it in the
video is because it didn't matter they
both use the same panel and they were
both checked by Brandon Dickerson ahead
of time to make sure that their
performance was close enough that that
wasn't what we were seeing I just
thought I'd clarify that anyway um I was
surprised by how many of the comments on
that video were still from people who
think that HDR is like not real like
it's snake oil it doesn't matter um what
we could just everything could just be
SDR and you could just like turn up the
brightness and it would be it's not guys
it the display has to be capable of it
the content has to be graded for it uh
it it is not snake oil it oh apparently
we did acknowledge that they were
different monitors okay well apparently
we didn't give enough background because
people still seemed very confused about
it
um but yes yes it is totally a thing
thank you djore spark over on float
plane and the better it gets I think the
more people will realize that it's
totally a thing and that's why I was so
excited about RTX video HDR or whatever
their stupid branding for it is got to
throw RTX on everything now I guess um
whatever The Branding is that's why I
was so excited about that technology
because it unlocks this enormous back
catalog of content that people can enjoy
on HDR devices and you know what it
actually made me think about that I kind
of wish we had included in the video but
I didn't really think about until now
is I wish Nvidia had pulled it off in
phones remember their Super Phone
concept yeah um I would actually love it
if the kind of machine learning
accelerated upscaling for example or
frame
interpolation or um SDR to HDR tone
mapping or whatever else like all this
Tech that they're building and in fact
have
built even on arm platforms man like
they got the Nvidia Shield if I could
buy a phone that was a modern Nvidia
Shield in a phone form factor I would
strongly consider it me
too and phones have like very few
compelling things these days yeah but
it's that would be nice they happen to
be in for most people I would think the
best screen in your house like unless
you are a a unless your family has a
media
Enthusiast um who gets significant
access to the budget you probably don't
have a TV or a monitor that is a better
display than the one that's built on to
you know any phone that's come out in
the last two or three years they're so
bright they're so accurate um B
basically any iPhone from the last few
years is going to be an outstanding HDR
display and if just everything you
watched on your phone was automatically
converted to HDR I think it would really
help people understand how good it can
be even if you know the upscaled stuff
is or upcon converted stuff is not as
good as if it was graded properly for
HDR in the first place so overall I I
I'm I'm a Believer um display Tech yeah
there that's what I'm going to say uh
some of the the super high refresh rate
oleds lately we're going to be checking
out LG's dual mode one soon so it's the
120 HZ or sorry uh one yeah 240 HZ
4K 480 HZ 1080P and the big question
that I have is sorry what exactly is
different about this right because you
could
have uh you know a
um you you could have a a a a monitor
and run it at a non-native resolution
you could have a monitor and you could
run it at half of its native refresh
rate and to be clear there are
differences there there's a reason that
this is being differentiated from things
we could do that with before but that's
something that I want to kind of dive
into and it seems to have to do with the
way that the reporting to your GPU Works
uh the way they're handling scaling uh
Brandon Dickerson and plof are are
working on it so I'm pretty excited
about that one yeah I uh when you were
originally saying TVs I was going to say
monitors yeah so that kind of rips it I
don't think there's any individual
component in a computer that the future
of it is hyper exciting to me um phones
are not exciting to me yeah storage was
super cool for a bit and now it just
seems to
be CPUs were really exciting there for a
while as
well
that joke bites that's pretty good ah ah
um he has no Bell there's nothing he can
do yeah troll Dan
um he tried to whack a piece of metal
yeah um but yeah I I don't think I think
it's displays for
sure next
up dear or Oran Luke and Dan what's the
worst thing a company has tried to pull
on lmg oo I've had a lot of uh corporate
software salespeople try to mess with us
just like increase our rates or cut our
service or what or just just the the the
bamboozler sales tactics are always the
ones that that mess with me we had one
recently I'll keep everything Anonymous
but we had one recently where um they
gave us a
price they like they sent us a here is
all of your costs thing and we talked to
them the next time and they were like so
there was a pricing they were like all
right what what are the like sticking
points and like uh is like is price one
of your sticking points and I'm like
well yeah because it will be even if
it's like it's just it's just going to
be what do you mean price always matters
yeah like there's no such thing as a bad
product just a bad price so you can kind
of solve anything by making it cheap
enough yeah so I was like well yeah of
course um and they're like okay well
I'll tell you now our price increased so
I I'll go to bat for you I'll talk to my
boss I'll try to get you that price that
we originally quoted you I'm like on
your side I'm going to put my I'm going
to put my job on the side for you guys
to get you that price that we already
told you and I was
like yeah I can't stand that kind of
thing that doesn't count yeah that's the
bare that's the bare minimum expectation
is that you honor your word yeah so I
don't know that was pretty annoying uh
the other one was that same company said
that they wouldn't be able to onboard if
we didn't sign by the end of this month
they wouldn't be able to onboard us
until
December and it's a software
company and I was like
sure I told them on the call I was like
that's like that's amazing because if
that's true I'm sure you guys are like
your stock is going through the absolute
roof and you're hiring as hard as you
possibly can and all these other kind of
things and you just see them like
squirming because it's like no they're
just doing like fine which means they
don't have a year long backlog like it's
I I don't know it's just so basically
skey sales tactics yes drives me nuts I
think um I think I get most I get most
offended when people don't act in good
faith um and and show Integrity
um
I the weird the weird part for me just
to interject is I've had the skey sales
tactics but once
signed most of the companies have
actually been fine to to me at least so
basically you just hate sales
people and like account managers
customer success managers all these
things just get me to like the technical
people when I need help let me know when
you release new features I need nothing
else please never talk to me just like
just I don't care I don't care that your
company revolving doors sales people
like crazy so you tell me that you will
now be my agent for till the end of time
and then 3 months later I need to
introduced to a new person and I get an
email saying hi I'm onboarded to this
account could we have a could we have a
call so I can come up to speed and I say
no I feel so bad I have never once
replied to our twitch
representative yeah but you've probably
had 15 over the years I don't know I
don't even know I don't even read their
names at this point I just I don't need
anything from Twitch TV I uh I I I
remember this one time that our rep
blessed their heart I'm um let me know
they were going to be on
vacation I was like okay
cool we've never spoken so yeah I don't
think anything's going to come up in the
next however long you're going to
wherever you're going AJ whoever you are
AJ's seen it enough from me at this
point that um I didn't even have to
catch one fairly recently we got an
email from like the literally I'm not
exaggerating at least like 12th or 13th
rep that we've had from this one company
um and I didn't even get to the email
first he got to it and was like yeah we
we're not going to do a
call here's like the current state of
everything here's the things that like
we've been asking you to fix for a year
and a half let us know if there's any
traction on that yeah have a good one um
like I sorry dude they're like yeah just
let us know like how things are going
and if if there's new ways we can work
with you and it's like there isn't we
know all your software
offerings they're great to be honest
they're totally fine I have no problem
we're not going anywhere
like we're not leaving we're not
increasing our spend do our checks do
our checks clear yeah they do sounds
good good yeah like I don't know all
right just please don't waste my time um
space gamer04 in float plane chat says
as a Salesman you should hate
us and I don't like you got to do your
job right I don't know that's fine yeah
but just do it to someone else I just I
don't want to deal with it and my thing
is I I understand you got to play the
game to a certain degree just the the
like recognize that I'm not buying it
just let's just real talk yeah and if
you're like I don't have any play and I
try to fight you on a little bit and
you're like yeah no sorry like XYZ like
then we'll be like okay then we'll use
something else then we'll either use
something else or not and we can go from
there like I just I don't I don't I
don't want to deal with this and I make
it very clear I'm like not going to
engage in that thing the some people
will respond to it and some people the
whole car dealership I'm going go talk
to my manager about this thing just like
I'm not doing that dude all you're doing
is slowing down this transaction that is
quite literally the only thing you're
accomplishing right now yeah it just
doesn't work yeah um and I understand it
sucks and you have to deal with people
like me all the time which probably
isn't the greatest but my whole thing is
I just want to end this call as soon as
possible yeah I I have other things to
do we've had sponsors not pay us um yeah
that's that's pretty yucky we we don't
generally like we don't generally um air
that kind of dirty laundry in public so
it's not the kind of thing we've really
talked about but yeah we we've we've had
companies just like totally skis out on
us
um trying to trying to think like I I'm
pretty unhappy with one of our merch
suppliers right now I'm I'm not going to
name them yet because there's still time
for them to act in good faith and I
think that's the biggest one is acting
in good faith yeah you're going to screw
up here or there yeah making legitimate
efforts
to recogniz to identify
problems and take responsibility and
rectify them that's all I really ask for
anyone effort means a lot to me I had uh
I had one very recently with a company
where they uh they just like completely
shut off our service out of nowhere and
it was like really important that that
service keeps running
and I was like what the heck uh and we
ended up figuring out that it was for a
uh like the credit card didn't
renew and I was like shouldn't you have
notified me in some way and then I found
that they did the subject line of the
email was exactly the same as another
like just normal transactional email
that goes all the way goes through all
the time and it was like buried many
lines in as a single line thing like
there what are you even talking about
and I got on a call with them and they
just apologized and we're like how do
you think we could improve this
communication I told them and then they
didn't do exactly that but they did very
close to that enough that it's fine and
I'm like okay so I'm not even mad
anymore yeah whatever yeah they fixed it
really quick yep they got on a call with
me they found a new solution so that it
won't happen again they did it we just
move forward people are going to screw
up we're going to screw up they're going
to screw up it's fine funny hats asks if
it was the aura ring or uring I can't I
still can't remember how to pronounce
the thing um no no no no no that that
was that was uh that was a
just it didn't work out um but they they
didn't stiff us or anything uh or I mean
I don't think they paid but like I did
pronounce the thing wrong and our
proposed solution wasn't acceptable and
whatever um I I think that they're a
little uptight but you know that okay
that's fine and they probably think that
you know I'm a bit of a PR so I don't
sure fine um that just didn't work out
but there's been brands that we 100%
have executed and then they just have
ghosted
um yeah no that one that one was
definitely just not not every not every
partnership is meant to work out
perfectly and you know what hey we I'd
be open to working with them again
whether they'd want to work with us
again or not I don't know but like it
just didn't it just didn't work
out
all right you want another one yeah uh
are there certain types of games that
although don't contain mature content
you still prefer your kids don't get
into until they're older also is it
Financial advice to get a Chevy
Volt
um I don't think the Chevy Volt is as
necessary as it used to be I mean Toyota
finally has Prius primes that are close
for for range
um I read a really funny comment on on a
like this article was just fading the
new Prius Prime and the top comment on
this article was like good job Toyota
you invented the 2017 Chevy Vault
um
congratulations um meanwhile Chevy
uninvented it good good job everyone
honestly at least Toyota brought it back
give props for that yeah exactly
um yeah now that plug-in hybrids are
taking off I would say that the Chevy
Volt is not a necessary move unless
you're looking to get a deal on a used
car that is a good plug-in hybrid I was
so happy with mine you know I read an
article recently talking about how uh
certain governments and stuff sorry one
sec people are correcting me because
they
um I don't know what it is people people
like correcting me I'm aware that the
Chevy Volt has been out since 2010 uh
I'm talk talking about the generation
that actually had decent range yeah yeah
come on now um I I read an article I
don't remember what it was I think it
was government's I don't remember what
but apparently uh the fuel efficiency of
plugin hybrids is performing lower than
expected because people are driving them
on gas more than they had hoped I have a
theory on that oh really um when driving
around residential areas you see how
many people are parked on the road
there's no Chargers on the road I think
in a lot of situations it's like multi
families where they only have one spot
where they can plug in and if they two
plugin hybrids though like a pure
electric if they have a pure electric
they they might be able to charge the
plug-in hybrid at work or certain other
places so they can get some charge out
of it both of your cars would have to be
like within the last five years for you
to have like a full electric and a
plugin
hybrid what kind of families have two
relatively new cars that seems kind of
crazy is a model three release date this
is going to be annoying because it
doesn't show all of them no yeah it's
gonna show um Travis social says it's
really really common in the states for
people in apartments to not have a
charging option at all that's a really
good point um so in cities my place we
have one slow charge that's so in cities
where plug-in hybrids are the most
useful because you're doing just your
like little trips on on electric power
those are the places where you are least
likely to have garage parking um
yeah yeah definitely definitely see that
the good news is that they still are a
pretty solid
uh they still are a pretty solidly
efficient you know just hybrid car they
just are carrying around a bit of extra
battery weight and electric motors and
stuff which sort of blows but uh it's
not like they're carrying nearly nearly
as much battery as a as a full battery
electric vehicle uh fohn asks don't you
have a newer Porsche and a newer minivan
uh Min Van's a
2016 I don't know that's that doesn't I
hav't really seen that new so so the so
yeah let's go let's go car car history
it's car history time so I had uh I had
a 2003 Civic and then I had a uh a 2017
volt we got the minivan around that time
no no no because I got the 2017 volt
later it was used so we bought a new
2016 Honda Odyssey then I got a 2017
volt uh in like
2019 or yeah it must have been
2019 uh something like that and then I
got a 2003 tyan
um so yeah at one point we would have
owned two relatively new cars when in
20 uh 2019 we had the Odyssey and the
volt but not both electric and uh or and
plug-in Hy hbd and stuff like that and
they were like those were very different
Vehicles so it's not like we had um you
know like a couple commuter cars or
something like that and they were like
both new we have a we have a neighbor
where they both appear to drive the
exact same car in exactly the same color
whoa yeah I know right they're always
both part in their Drive throw me off at
least like get different colors yeah I
know right it's pretty funny like I mean
I guess it's nice to be aligned like
that in your relationship it's like yeah
we're basically the same person do you
differentiate between them by license
plate yeah I guess so oh that's
annoying um model 3s have been getting
delivered in MOS since
2018 yes but
um think it might be more common than
like five years ago no it's not that it
2018 that's six years ago we're barely
into 2004 we're a quarter in it's like
five and a half
years are you really I am close without
going over yeah yeah
I think you're over what no I I said
five years yeah and you said five and a
half right there yeah exactly so I
didn't go
over oh but you're aiming the other
Direction come on come on what are
people talking about come on no I said
20 so didn't I say 2023 tyan did did I
say 2003 you said 2004 instead of 2024
when you were talking about current year
don't worry about it it was a different
thing you weren't talking about the tyan
did I say 2004 yeah I MD on you for it
it's fine we're already passed that it's
okay it's okay uh Dan hit us another one
I'm still jet leg
okay something wrong with lonus I'm all
right I'm back hey lldd lonus with
Junior getting close what sorry
apparently you also did say 2003 tyan I
didn't notice that sure it's pretty old
let's go it's like four years ago it's
it's a good year for taan really well
fine wine all right lus with Junior
getting close to the legal age for it do
you think you'll H let him have social
media opinions on this which ones and
how will you keep him safe on them he's
a really sharp kid
um I think that moderation is extremely
important uh I think learning it is
extremely important I think just
shielding kids from everything is uh is
not the way to help them learn to manage
their own behaviors
with all of that
said I
uh like knowing what you know about how
the user experience of something like X
goes yeah I there's no way that I would
sign off on X I mean there's nothing I
could do to stop him at a certain point
but there's no way I'd be like yeah you
should definitely have Twitter is it
really that much better than an
Instagram I also just don't I don't know
if he'll
care um he's on Discord so he's on
social media right like Discord
effectively is at this point you can
find enormous servers that are like
social focused yeah essentially um and I
think that Discord is probably the
closest thing to where I started on
social media like I started on chat
rooms and
MSN it's basically Discord right if you
think about it um you you go into
different rooms and you talk about stuff
and you can share pictures and and I
would say that compared to a lot of the
more traditional social media platforms
because we are using it is social media
but we're using Discord being social
media a little bit more Loosely than
most people normally would um I I think
it's probably the lesser of the evil
ones and when you're just thinking about
like your kid engaging with the internet
yeah because it's it's Le it's not
algorithmically driven right it's driven
by people and communities that you have
explicitly chosen to engage with yes and
I so anything with a anything with a
discovery element and and maybe that's
where people are getting a little upset
at me calling Discord social media even
um but I think that's that um so so if
we were to say okay yeah it has to have
a discovery algorithm in order for you
to classify it as social media
then I guess my answer is no I I can't
think of any good reason for a young kid
to be on Instagram I can't think of a
good reason for them to be on Twitter
it's totally social media guys guys uh
Discord
yeah I mean do you want to read us the
Wikipedia definition wikip is the be all
and end all yeah but still it's it just
just because it doesn't it's not like
fully I don't know uh social media are
interactive technologies that facilitate
the creation sharing and aggregation of
content ideas interests and other forms
of expression through virtual
communities and networks social media
refers to new forms of media that
involve uh interactive
participation while challenges to the
definition of social media arise to the
variety of standal Lo and built-in
social media Services currently
available there are some common features
okay here we go I didn't read this bit
social media apps are online platforms
that enable users to create and share
content and participate in social
networking absolutely user generated
content such as text posts or comments
digital photos or videos and data
generated through all online activities
or sorry interactions is the lifeblood
of social media absolutely users create
service specific profiles for the
website or app that are designed and
maintained by the social media
organization absolutely social media
helps the development of online social
networks by connecting users profile
with those of other individuals or
groups yeah okay so Discord is social
media
yeah I know people saying I think in
conversation most people refer to yeah I
just said that most people when they're
referring to social media they're going
to mean not this but I still think
Discord is a form of it yeah so um so
he's on social media um but I think that
um no poll you're
wrong yeah I think that I think that I
would treat something like Tik Tok the
same way that I would treat something
like TV if I was still making rules
about it I'd basically say okay is that
how you want to use your X number of
minutes of screen time
today and I would like to think that
that answer would be no a lot of the
time and that some moderation could be
learned around those behaviors um
but we'll see guys I mean like everyone
is human it turns out and humans are
humans are messy right like I don't
expect like oh yeah I'm going to you
know raise my kids to you know have
perfect you know the ability to uh and
then they're going to Rebel moderate
their usage or whatever and it's like
yeah exactly right like they either fail
or they Rebel my kids are going to make
mistakes they're going to have vices if
if the worst they manag is like Doom
scrolling on Tik Tok sometimes I think I
pulled it off as a parent so we'll see
how it goes that is fair I think that
has actually kind of like ruined people
though to be honest I mean sure yeah
fair enough but in like really bad ways
have you heard of you heard have you
heard of the going Goblin mode thing
I've heard of goblin mode I forget what
it means it's just people just
degenerate
into they all all they do is just scroll
things cuz they're hooked on the new
content dopamine Loop they're so
depleted of dopamine from the new
content dopamine Loop that they have no
drive to do
anything
um yeah it gets bad it's bad I don't
think that means you have to like
completely ban yourself forever but I
think it's a good opportunity to teach
them about like self-limiting and using
uh limiting apps and stuff like that
even the bull crap Google one it's like
oh you you just hit your five limit your
5 minute limit do you want to press
literally two buttons to completely
delete it forever I don't mean I don't
mean pause it what Luke what do you want
to be accountabil buddies how does that
work we're going to create
minor Google
accounts and we're going to set each
other up as each other's
parent we can actually limit app
usage we could try it for a
month I think I'd be
down I think i' be down I think I'd be
down I think I'd be down I'm trying to
think cuz you're telling me you want
actual limits that you can't bypass on
your own I'm a good boy about it and I
don't do it
though I actually don't have any but I I
know people that I've talked to that
can't do that I don't have any limited
apps right now uh I had Twitter limited
and now it is
deleted I had to yeah so I'm just like
that's that's a good way to go I just
kind of I've kind of had enough of it
I'll I'll sit down and I'll I I post
once in a while and like I'll I'll check
if anyone's dead like that's the only
reason I know about the whole P didy
thing right now it's the only reason I
know that Beyonce released a new song or
album it was something I didn't have
time to find out what it was but she's a
big deal right now again um but so so
like it's it's kind of how I keep up
with my celeb gossip uh particularly the
online Creator celeb gossips like yeah
who's been like canceled recently or
whatever else uh but I'll just check in
on it when I'm on my desk top and that's
it if it's not on my phone it's way
easier for me to moderate I probably
spend more time in our Shopify dashboard
than I do on Twitter now so that's sort
of
work sort of I don't need to look at
that report it's mostly just cuz I'm
like Curious I think I think you have
some
uh I don't think these are things that
he would run into but I I I think that
you are kind of I think it's beyond
necessity I think you are kind of
addicted to reading all forms of
feedback that the company has yeah
however um everyone has something
however and that has a major benefit
there's been yeah as far as vices go
yeah um I'm not I'm not even trying to
dog you I just what do you even like
like really yeah yeah you know okay
perfect example of that is I was sending
I showed Luke this um at the beginning
of the show today oh because I just like
I can't help I can't help but read
things um hold on I'm gonna try to I'm I
would screenshot I've got the I've got
an easy way to do it I will just create
a notepad window and then I'll why s
tool it well because that's more work
than this see look I'm already done no
it's not you would have been boom um so
I just like I read stuff like this this
person lost their posting privileges on
the channel by the way uh this was on
the high availability wanic video the
most ironic thing about this video is
it's like a new groundbreaking
technology as far as Linus is concerned
but as someone whose background is in it
I know that things like high
availability clustered storage clusters
Hardware resiliency Etc have been the
standard for well over a decade and is
nothing new or
groundbreaking so this isn't this isn't
a troll this is just someone whose
opinion clearly could never possibly
matter about anything because they just
don't they just don't get it they just
don't get that life is not about how
much smarter you are than everyone in
the room and it's Tech has existed
before you have to think it's boring and
old you're presenting it you have to be
the most cynical dry insufferable bore
yeah so I mean we're doing a high
availability upgrade but like this has
been around forever just like everybody
does and maybe go watch some other video
or something it's boring come with us
we're just going to plug stuff in like
whatever none of this is new about it
yeah yeah they lost their posting
privileges
um it's yeah it's just it's it's wild
dude like I just I can't I am I I do
think I'm also happy with this new Arc
of lonus just ban hammering everybody
though I think it's better because
before the really negative stuff it just
gets absorbed to a certain degree even
even if you're good at like kind of
ignoring it a certain amount of it gets
absorbed and then now there's like there
is actually less of it yeah it's amazing
how noticeable it's been in a sea of
millions of people how few actual
completely brain dead people who type
this kind of stuff exist yeah and they
make so much noise like it's it's
actually incredible how loud this
minority of people who can't possibly
conceive
of any any anything that could possibly
be happening other than how much smarter
they are than whatever whoever else are
looking at or talking to like it's just
like it's it's actually amazing that
they couldn't think of any other reason
for what was going on for this video
that was being made other than that I
had never heard of high
availability yeah and how amusingly
irony
is what are you even talking
about oh
boy if I call you a narcissist I'm
afraid you got to take the
L
oh
boy uh I want to do speaking of taking
the L I'm going to find a topic that
works for
that um I don't know if we have
one well I'm going to talk about this
anyways Sora goes to Hollywood open AI
uh ties to break in tries reading uh
open AI tries to break into the
entertainment industry open ey has
scheduled meetings in Los Angeles to
form partnership in the entertainment
industry according to sources speaking
to Bloomberg not only does the AI firm
have meetings next week but those
meetings are just the latest round of
Outreach from open aai in recent weeks
the weekend of the Oscars CEO Sam Alman
was apparently attending La parties late
last month openai coo Brad light cap
demonstrated the capabilities of Sora
the company's unreleased AI video
generator during introductory
conversations in Hollywood
one person who may have seen one of
light Cap's demonstrators is actor
filmmaker and Studio owner Tyler Perry
after spending four years planning an
speaking of people whose movies could be
made by sorry o Get Wrecked um after
spending four years planning on an $800
million expansion of his Atlanta Studio
those plans are now indefinitely on hold
because of Sora Barry believes AI may
take the place of set building and on
location shooting saying sora's
capabilities uh saying of sora's
capabilities if I wanted to have two
people in the living room in the
mountains I don't have to build a set in
the
mountains you already didn't uh I don't
have to put a set on my lot I uh I can
sit in an office and do this with a
computer Perry warns of the effect of AI
like Sora can have on jobs and the
entertainment industry and Beyond
acknowledging that all the construction
workers and contractors expecting to
work on his Studio expansion are now out
of a job even though Sora isn't publicly
available Bloomberg claims open aai has
granted access to a few big name actors
and
directors um
yep cool I kind of feel like it was a
scapegoat to not have to spend $800
million on an expansion does Tyler Perry
have $800 million I don't
know it's it's one of those things where
like okay I've talked about this before
where because I'm someone who's had
these articles written about them I know
how inaccurate those net worth of SBS
articles are have you seen his Mansion
though I haven't does Tyler Perry have a
sick Mansion dude let's see it bring it
up here we go dude that is a sick
Mansion does it have a helipad I mean
I'm sure you could land on this lawn
somewhere there's this this right here I
wonder if I can get close to it Tyler
Perry is this
rich so I don't know all right there you
go Tyler Perry has $800 million probably
then look at this Garden I'm having a
hard time where does it go to this right
here yeah do you see how there's like a
circle is that the hel here as far as my
understanding goes under this house I
could be completely wrong I could be
completely wrong I want to preface this
a lot as far as my understanding goes
under this portion of the house is a
enormous
garage like 100 200 Cars something like
that
wow yeah okay so where I was going with
that I could be totally wrong I don't
was as someone who's had those articles
written about me I know how inaccurate
they are like when they when when people
started talking about Taylor Swift being
worth a billion dollars I was like
please Taylor Swift was worth a billion
dollars a long ass time ago like
you guys got no
idea like I am nothing I am a tiny ant
under Taylor Swift's heel
okay and I know what my company's
worth brother yeah like come on yeah I
you want to know the thing that blew my
mind the most yeah uh I heard that you
know Tyler Perry had canceled the 800
million doll expansion of his Studios
and I was like how does he re what has
he done since
friends that what I thought it was
Matthew Perry I was so confused oh too
the reason why I know about that house
oh yeah I actually forgot about that
part yeah I did not remember that uh the
reason why I knew about that house was
because you a disaster I Googled Tyler
Perry CU I was like what do you mean and
then uh the actual Tyler Perry came up
and I was like oh oh my bad and then I
was like wait this is a ridiculous
property why would you even like want
this and then poked into it for a second
and then yeah okay there we
go anyways well hey at least I didn't
have to say the worst thing on the show
this I'm just being honest about
something that happened okay all right
all
right sometimes it's better not
to yeah uh is Bitcoin a Beanie Baby
says
no a judge has ruled that the SEC can
proceed to trial in its lawsuit against
coin base for engaging in unregistered
sales of financial securities the suit
is potentially extremely damaging not
only for coinbase but for crypto as a
whole because if a ruling decides that
cryptocoins are in fact a form of
financial security this would mean that
they would be subject to the same
regulations as all other
securities oh boy coinbase has argued
that cryptocurrencies are not Securities
on the grounds that the buyer doesn't
gain any rights like they do when they
buy stocks and they are Collectibles
analogous to beanie
babies cryptocoins have coin right in
the name yeah they are um they probably
should be a
security they they are they are
definitely I don't know enough about
this at all they are definitely
purchased with the understanding that
their value could go up which is from my
understanding the main thing that makes
something um subject to these same to
subject to these
laws
um yeah that is boy that is tough
someone in chat coinbase by the way
yeah that's pretty good it's pretty good
I don't think there's a ton else to say
about that yeah not much other than uh
it's going to be an interesting time in
crypto right cuz it's there's a big
rally going on right now that's true uh
Bitcoin has I think over $70,000 us
right now so it's it's near it's near
Peak value right now and it's been kind
of riding up for quite some time uh I
think some there's some there's some
coins that are profitable to mine on
gpus right now like it's a crypto boom
is either happening or it's or it's
threatening to happen again and I'm just
kind of I'm watching from the outside
this time man I've got I haven't touched
since of my money stolen by quadriga I
think oh yeah very fun yeah he's still
salty I am uh speaking of salty meta
spied on users Snapchat traffic Facebook
apparently used to have a secret program
called project
Ghostbusters okay uh where it got it
where it got its
subsidiary onavo onavo sure to create
software for IOS and Android to
intercept and decrypt users web traffic
from particular subdomains first from
Snapchat then later from Amazon and
YouTube wild the documents were unveiled
as part of Discovery in a class action
lawsuit accusing meta of using deceptive
practices to collect user information
well that's definitely one of them the
project began in 2016 when Facebook was
looking to gain more insight into how
users were interacting with rival
companies it ended in 2019 around the
time that on onavo was shut down
following the revelation that they'd
been secretly paying teenagers to use
their VPN like Facebook research service
so they could gain invasive access to
their user data and web activity 20
bucks a month 20 bucks a month nice well
it seems that Facebook asked users for
permission to install the interception
software some within the company
questioned whether or not users truly
understood the ramifications of what
they were installing yeah
Pedro kah haati
uh Facebook's then head of security
engineering wrote an email I can't think
of a good argument for why this is
okay which honestly when you're asking
stuff like that internally like good on
Pedro uh yeah I want to shout that out
yeah I
mean did he stop it I mean it's it's
publicly known now yeah I mean he's not
there now so hold on a second Let's uh
let's find out when he left Facebook I'm
going to find out uh I'm going to bang
it
nice uh one password hired him in
2021 uh blah blah blah hold on
Facebook okay uh he said he could
probably write a book about the lessons
he learned during his Facebook tenure uh
it's probably fair to say he could have
left Facebook for any number of big tech
companies blah blah blah okay 12 years
at Facebook okay so uh so he bailed how
long after this we don't know he started
though uh we don't we we don't know that
that's the first opportunity he took we
also don't know that he took that
opportunity immediately after leaving
Facebook that's true I think we still
don't know when he left yeah I seems
like he was still there while they were
doing that anyway um I mean we can't go
after absolutely everyone who doesn't
blow the whistle on things people have
all kinds of pressures on them and can
end up complic complicit in all kinds of
things whether they
uh whether they realize it at the time
or not or you know whatever the case may
be I I'm just we shouldn't be we
shouldn't shouldn't be too judgmental
that's all I'm trying to say it's pretty
stunning to me that companies are
allowed to exist after doing stuff like
that uh Amazon gives a peak into its
anti-counterfeiting fight according to a
recent Amazon report the company blocked
over
700,000 suspicious attempts to create
seller accounts and nabbed over 7
million counterfeit counterfeit products
last year this is up from 2 million in
2020 they they attribute the increase to
increased verification requirements for
seller accounts and Partnerships with
Brands and law enforcement all around
the world including from major sources
of counterfeit Goods like China so um
yeah I guess this is good I don't
remember actually signing I I don't
remember saying that we were going to
talk about this but that's good I guess
so keep it up Amazon yeah except that
Amazon's a complete show trying to shop
for anything so I don't know it's got a
lot worse I used to search for products
almost exclusively on Amazon and then
potentially buy them elsewhere once I
found the one that I actually wanted and
that is no longer the case yeah now
you're better off typing it into Bing
yeah um
Qualcomm has essentially created a a
very similar uh translation layer for
Windows on arm according to Qualcomm
most x86 x64 Windows games with will
just work on Snapdragon X Elite laptop
processors due to an extremely efficient
emulation layer similar to valve's
proton the company also apparently
invited several members of the press and
influencers to try an early demo of the
hardware running 2019s control 2022 is
redout 2 and balers Gate 3 results were
promising but mixed the demo for walers
Gate 3 appears to have been aimed for a
target of medium settings at 1080p 30
FPS but dipped as low as 21 FPS in
footage taken from the event and it was
also restricted to the game's opening
sequence which takes place in an
enclosed area rather than the open world
map yeah However the fact that it's
working at all is cool is a pretty solid
indication that it is it going to happen
this time is Windows on arm finally
going to happen when did the Surface RT
come out cuz I feel like that was in
like 220 hold on let me think
2011 okay let's see Surface RT release I
guess it's 2014 damn 2012 well you were
closer to me Clos going over below yeah
I'm just salty because he beat me at a
similar price guessing game earlier
today and I should not have won I'm very
upset I'm like extremely upset like
going to crush you at Super checks
tonight upset I need Vengeance it's so
late it's not that late it's 945 yeah
but only it's not like my family is here
and I have anywhere to go oh that's
what's going on okay I understand are
you are you do you have no plans this
weekend then they're coming home
tomorrow morning oh okay I got lots of
plans this weekend all right all right I
going to say we should ano oh I mean
yeah yeah we're not going to have that
much time after merch messages and super
checks he's goingon to say super checks
yeah all right
okay I can't explain why that's annoying
but
okay uh speaking of annoying uh we're
sinking Luke we are you want me to do it
again do you mind y um okay why don't I
do another topic real quick while Luke
uh unsyncs us um Florida has banned kids
from social media Florida has passed a
new law Banning kids under 10 from
social media and requiring teens ages 14
and 15 to obtain parental permission
before creating an account it's likely
that the law will be met with
significant legal challenges because it
requires age verification to access
social media which critics argue is a
substantial burden on both adults and
minor First Amendment rights to free
speech and free assembly similar laws in
Utah and Arkansas have been passed
requiring anyone under 18 to acquire
parental consent before creating a
social media account however the Utah
law has yet to take effect and the
Arkansas law has been temporarily
blocked by a judge Florida's law is
distinct from both in that it focuses on
younger more vulnerable users and it
justifies its ban based on the addictive
nature of social media platforms rather
than on their specific content which is
actually a pretty darn good point
meanwhile 41 US states and the District
of Columbia have filed suits against
meta over addictive features that say
they're harming children in violation of
State consumer protections and federal
privacy laws intended to protect
Children online uh if successful these
could result in heavy fines or Force
meta to restructure its online
platforms oh yeah you got to sit down
that'll help also I only yeah the right
right right yeah there's three three
segments to do um also there's a couple
of
Ontario uh jurisdictions have sued I
think I think it was meta as well over
the addictive nature of their of their
platforms yeah Ontario schools are suing
uh bite dance uh meta and
Snapchat things are about to get very
interesting and again one of the big
focuses was on the addictiveness of
these
platforms all right cool thanks Luke
yeah we're
good have a seat have a seat right over
there uh Dan I think we're at the end of
our topics for today oh wait no first
discussion so Banning Banning miners
from social media I think we're good Dan
no no no you're good you're good um so
much taller Banning minor from social
media yay or nay uh yeah I mean they're
addictive right like yeah screw it I
like I I even read a thing recently
where um there were some teachers
talking about how um with phones in
schools people aren't even like talking
in the hallways between class anymore
really everyone's just like walking
around on their phones I mean they're
probably talking to each other yeah you
know class being in the same room
texting each other but it's like even
more hardcore because you might not be
in the same class with your friends so
they'll have a bunch of like group chats
and stuff going on and if you aren't
walking around talking on your phone
right you're missing out so you're not
conversing with people impromptu in
person right so the hallways are like
quiet oh really and everyone's just
walking around on their phones and
they're like it's really weird and then
there was one school that banned phones
and they said all the kids liked it and
they started asking the kids why and
they were like oh well I didn't actually
want to be on it but I didn't want to be
the only one not on it interesting so if
no one's on it it's actually better and
I was like that's
fantastic Go kids man I I noticed the
other day
um I was in midc conversation and
someone took a
call and I didn't
care and I
realized how bizarre that behavior would
have been in my adult memory oh wildly
yeah like like how utterly inappropriate
that would have been when I first got a
cell phone so that would have been in
around 2004 you'd have to be like I'm
sorry this is very important I am so
sorry they have called me three times
this must be a life or death
emergency W for this call I this is a
job interview something whereas it was
more along the lines that we were
talking and they were just
like see you later okay sure um and to
be clear this is like someone that I
have a good relationship with and like
it was fine I didn't care it was not
over my boundaries I just didn't realize
how far my boundaries had been stretched
yeah totally totally yeah but yeah I
don't know that was a that was a story
that made me uh have some more hope for
whatever name of generation is currently
in school I think it's alpha or
something I don't know something like
that uh but yeah kind of kind of based
on the whole social media thing
I think it's time for Wow after dark Mr
Daniel besser how are you
doing I'm glad to hear that I'm not sure
if I'm I'm not sure if I'm glad to hear
the tone in your voice as you say that
thing I definitely believe but um I'm
glad to have plausible deniability for
not knowing how horrible you feel I've
been walking around he says he's been
walking he has yes indeed he's been
talking about you and me uh we're we're
just turning pink I think after dark may
not work
today sure that's a little darker after
dim yeah after
dim um I don't know what what what will
it be
cam it's a new memory module after din
oh oh wow don't worry about it it's for
laptops it's okay yeah I know sheesh I'm
sorry showcase to the new Labs website
page how did we not talk about that
today how did we not talk about that
today people seem to freaking love it
there is a lot of work that has to
happen of course but that's why we did
the early like preview and that's why
we're just publishing one article about
One graphics card that realistically
very few people care about but the point
of this is just you're going so fast
Luke take your time did you notice how
we got these yeah get back up there get
back up there get back come on come on
come on okay so guys the first actual
product page and I don't I don't think
we would necessarily call them articles
because it's it's the whole point of
labs right is that this is meant to be
the page for this product so that you
know what's up okay so we've published
our first product page for the
powercolor hellhound RX 7600 XT 16 gig
um this is where you guys are seeing
everything that the team has worked on
for the last what how Bloody hell when
did we first start the lab when did we
hire Antoine was he the
first who was the first person we hired
for
labs uh
Nick really I
think I
think is that right I think man does
someone know does anyone know are any
staffers watching in chat does anyone
remember has it been 3 years good Lord
anyway um the point is cuz our first
project
was uh GPU
testing right or is this just the I'm
remembering this this way because that's
what I was involved in I don't know I
don't I could be wrong okay whatever I'm
I I very likely have bias because I was
the one that the point is the team has
grown a lot has learned a lot um has
done so so much work and it's all
finally getting to the point where we
can start to show you guys uh Beyond
just you know helping some some numbers
and graphs and sort of helping out the
video production side of things these
guys have been working on their own
stuff as well and it's been an
incredible journey um everything from
like the arrangement of the of of the
author's name and whether we would put
the author's name and publication date
and where all that information would be
found include time where the social
media you know links would go and how
the sharings here over here everything
man the number of mockups that I've seen
this is this is what I'm so I have so
much anxiety right now of wanting to
scroll down so badly because there's
Cool Tech we've made and it's not at the
top but everything matters it's true
there's been so much work there has been
um okay so let's start going down slowly
all right okay so all the okay so these
uh these assets or or not assets these
um attributes of the that we populate
like the work of figuring out okay what
are all the attributes that you should
have called because you can imply a
significant amount by the name of the
category so like is it highlights is it
key specs is it uh I don't remember all
of them there was a lot of different
options it was I believe key specs for a
long time mhm and then it got changed
back to Highlights again at some point
because we couldn't decide okay do we
want to focus on the positive here do we
want to have the negative do we want
have a mixture should it be redundant
key specs then it has to be a speck yes
well what's a spec I don't know like
these are all things that need to be
figured out and need real answers not
just handwavy auton noal figure it out
answers because they affect the design
the summary is handwritten
um and
it oh man we went back and forth so many
times like should there be summaries at
every section should it just be a
summary at the top should the summary be
like an introduction to the product
should it be a conclusion to the product
uh I I don't know okay hey look you can
buy it go down yep should we show the
price should we have people click
through to the price how will we get the
price all problems all problems that
needed to be
solved
um all
right cool look at the Luma field slides
yeah so did you know we were doing this
yes super cool so did you know they were
going to get embedded though I didn't so
we can tear down products without uh
tearing down products uh we do have a
publication date guys it's at the top oh
man uh We've we've talked about how
we're going to yeah yeah there there if
you Mouse over it you can see a version
history super cool right or wait is that
coming
I don't know if that's currently in I
think that's just showing you the time
okay never mind uh but that's something
we've talked about yeah I'm just saying
there's a lot of decisions okay that
might be in I don't want to say that's
wrong I just don't think that's what's
currently happening when I highlight
over this okay so go down go
down uh yeah so we have um so we have uh
a CT scanner now which is pretty cool
we'll have a video coming on that very
soon uh photos okay so now we can expand
things performance look at that going
have graphs um in the long term oh oh
can you show them the thing where you
can change the colors depending on what
is like sort of best for your eyes so
cool so cool so you can you can go into
some presets right now we just have
default and and high contrast but you
can change colors however you want
because we there's just there's just so
many different ways where maybe maybe
you just find one more comfortable maybe
you are color blind maybe who knows so
you can you can customize all the chart
colors um so proud of the team that was
actually like very early done I don't
remember who suggested that but someone
suggested that and we were basically all
like yep that's a great idea it wasn't
me nor me uh there was some there
there's a lot of like little feedback
things we've been been receiving like
we're we're very proud of these charts
but we found that these labels on the
left hand side are very small print on
mobile so we'll look into that some
people have pointed out and I think I do
agree with it was this already
changed somebody already get to this
yeah I think so y'all are hilarious by
the way that's sick um overall like
wasn't pinned to the top so you'd have
like a few random games and then overall
and people were like that sucks and it's
clearly already been changed I didn't
even ask for that to happen but that was
clearly the right decision so I'm happy
it
did
um yeah cool labels I love the charts
yep and this ah man yeah a lot of work
um making graphs is surprisingly manual
yeah in a lot of cases and so figuring
out how to make them automatic and make
them good has been an inordinate amount
of
work um yes we want to add things to the
comparison bin at the top I see we've
changed the word cart to bin I actually
um didn't sign off on that but I like it
it's better yeah people hated cart
y viciously hated cart so it's been now
yep I I I made the call I was like we're
going to call it comparison cart because
there were a bunch of worse ideas but um
neither Luke nor I thought of B nope and
that's better
[Laughter]
yep yeah yeah bin makes sense because
it's this is my comparison bin it's
because it's it's just shorter than
bucket bucket would have been too long
but it's it feels like yeah this is my
bucket of things I want to like compare
and that's why I went with cart because
it's like I'm like I'm like shopping I'm
shopping for things I want to like
compare to each other but no bin makes
more sense because this is not a
store yeah H so excited and so in the
long-term man we're going to we're going
to get testing going
um in higher volumes it's going to take
time man the the ramp is going to take
time but hopefully you guys can see that
we have not just been sitting on our
butts cuz what we've been trying to
build is something that can scale um
something that is for more than just
publishing the odd review or article
here and there we want this to be a
database and that
is so much so much work it can't be just
compare for the person who just asked
because this button is compare the
comparison bin is where the things that
you've selected to compare go yeah so
you can't just have like this button's
called compare and then this button's
called compare and they do completely
different things that's a terrible user
experience they have to be different we
might have to change that to add to
comparison bin or something like that
though there's clearly horizontal room
for it so I think that's what the plus
symbol is supposed to indicate but we
could we do whatever there will be
changes right so like the the original
like I don't know what you even want to
call it Alpha launch or whatever um we
got a bunch of feedback improved some
things and this time we got a bunch of
feedback have already improved some
things and there's more improvements
that will be coming and you know what I
think that there was a lot of internal I
shouldn't say I think there was a lot of
internal debate around doing this as a
soft launch like showing the look of the
site without even any articles on it
publishing one article before we're
realistically ready to ramp hard um I I
feel this feels like the right way
extremely validated by how how positive
and understanding the community has been
we've just been working on it for so
long along I think people were worried
about people having a really negative
response to it when it's not technically
fully baked so I I understand some of
the anxieties but I'm happy we did it
but people the community has actually
I've been really proud of the community
here because they've been so
constructive in the way that they have
approached this exercise um like almost
every single message even the ones where
they're like I don't like some thing
they have included how they would like
to see it improved and a lot of the
ideas have been really good yeah and we
had very good feedback and and I think
it's been really validating for the team
to see that no one is looking at it
going this is a tear
down everyone's like oh cool it would be
great if this thing worked this way yeah
yeah and so I think it's going to make
sweet this it's going to
guide us as we continue to ramp and as
we as we make our way toward the the
vision um that this Vision officer has
envisioned and and something better than
what I envisioned I think that that's
that's the difference between involving
the community and not involving the
community um good ideas can come from
anywhere guys and I think you see that
in the way that the team has implemented
things that you know I didn't think of
or Luke didn't think of um and the way
that the community has has requested
things that we didn't collectively think
of right more voices can be a negative
thing but if it's managed it can be so
so so kind of trickling in the more
voices yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah man if
we'd started with like what would you
like to see in a like Tech information
product page site like it would have
been directionless it's good that we had
kind of an idea from the first place I
love the
logo the labs logo yeah yeah I think
it's pretty good actually think it's um
I like the text a lot yeah I believe the
text was
sarra but I think the heat syn was Gary
not Gary key not the head of labs but
one of our other confuses me all the
time yeah I know it's a problem because
Gary does a lot of work for the lab
exactly I know who he's talking about so
it makes sense to me but yeah it's it's
very confusing uh don't quote me on that
Sarah might have done both and Gary
might have done both they're both
they're both wonderful um
yeah logo looks like a simple heat sink
it is it is but
it's but it's it's clean it's it's cute
it's approachable that's what I like
about it it looks professional
but uh not like sterile it has some
personality there's the you know the
logo
test
um can you draw it yeah yeah now without
not being able to see okay I'm going to
TRW
it it's not perfect but it's pretty good
Dan gave me a pass yeah but Dan look I I
drew it in two seconds yeah it's a good
it's a good logo it is pretty good that
is a thing though there're supposed to
be like can can you can like can people
draw like would people be able to
recreate it from memory basically and
that gets harder and harder to do as a
lot of the basic things like oh our
company's logo is an F thanks Facebook
uh the the more those types of things
get taken up it gets harder and harder
so yeah yeah I think and and the heat
sink there were a bunch of different
things LS that we were it it could I
think one of them was a potentially a
fan you know what maybe this is maybe
this is a perfect time to look at some
of the things it could have been one of
them was a unicorn um yeah yeah uh hold
on Labs logo let me see if I can
find do you want to stall for me do you
want to do a merch messag sure yeah you
got want to throw at me Dan by any
chance
yeah button
very far away Luke I actually have one
for you directly Luke perfect I'm a
pilot and a while back you said you'd
probably never do a charter flight but
you do like experiences if you could
would you take friends or family on a
flight and where would you
go the if I could is a very questionable
part of
this um charter flights are obset not
not to dog after your job I'm sure you
do great stuff but charter flights are
incredibly expensive um I think it would
be a cool thing to do um it's just
wicked expensive so I you would been
down for scrapyard Wars hey yeah that
was your money though right
yeah Not only was I down I was trying to
push you to do
it didn't we win anyways we won that
season right yeah I think so yeah way to
go go us um but yeah I don't know I'm
sure it would be sweet I I've wanted to
do a a trip with the whole family for a
while my uh my brother has somewhat
recently had a child so I don't think
that's really on the table for a while
um but it would be cool to do at some
point maybe once that little one is able
to remember it stuff like that U but I
don't think it's going to be on a
charter
flight I don't think that's going to be
a
thing but
thanks well unfortunately I don't think
I can find things in Google Drive are
impossible to find I well may have just
never been shared with me I do a lot of
these kinds of I I I really like doing
um like Graphics conversations in person
because this is someone's like
subjective taste and and their and their
work and their passion people don't get
into art because they like want to make
a ton of money this how I'm going to
make the big bucks yeah they get into
art because they are passionate they
they love design um and so I don't
really like I don't like to give
feedback about stuff like that um not in
person so I do like to have a lot of
those conversations in person um so I
may it may have just never been shared
with me but I did find one thing
um I found a bunch of different
possibilities for the gradient that we
ultimately ended up with so I can show
that to you guys that kind of a fun
behind the scenes here we go
um
Labs icon gradient option oh it's still
loading oh it stopped loading no it just
stopped loading uh one moment please I
saw the preview yeah that's weird um
just yeah give me a sec here
guys this has eight pages are you sure
here we go oh I see I understand there
you go so here's one of the gradient
options a the color on that monitor is
wild uh yeah that looks nuts you guys
won't be able to see this but yeah okay
uh uh there's another gradient option
there's another gradient option kind of
you should look it on this one luk yeah
yeah I've seen this I've seen this yep
there's another gradient option there's
another gradient option more more
orangey more LT uh we ended up not
leaning that direction we ended up
leaning more towards like a short
circuit type of palette Mr light has
just sent you a bunch of mockups for the
lab logos oh nice why does Nick have
that thanks Nick thanks Nick I mean I'm
not yeah I'm not
complaining um
I don't know just like why why would he
uh I mean yeah Sarah oh well well
because Nick doesn't work on the lab but
he is Sarah's manager so yeah that that
kind of checks out okay here you go oh
here it is this is the one oh yeah this
okay let's go Labs icon concept you want
to get rid of us Dan some of these yeah
give a
wild yeah there were man there were so
many
ideas and we had like some some really
good conversations about it and I think
we picked the right thing seeing it on
the site and seeing that the fact the
fact that I haven't seen a single
comment you know how I read comments I
haven't seen a single comment that's
like that logo stup that logo is dumb
yeah it's and that realistically a logo
that nobody
hates great great logo fantastic logo
yeah that logo came to me tears running
down his
face big strong logo yeah yeah yeah okay
Dan working on it okay well we'll get
started you could probably start I think
that first one doesn't have anything in
the corner cool yeah you're good here so
uh oh you know what no let's let's go
one by one here fixed um case
concept data collection PC testing uh
Beaker ties into Labs so the case is
going to have like kind of scientific
looking fluid in it we tried having it
facing this way and that super cool but
not everything going to be a computer
the desktop PC is probably on the out
you know compared to mobile phones and
laptops and handheld PCS and consoles
like we're going to test everything
right like we didn't want to be just
PC okay a fan pretty cool pretty cool I
liked this one a lot this was uh this
was pretty close for me um yeah I like
this one
but not everything has a fan there's a
lot of tech that doesn't have any moving
Parts moving Parts kind of going out of
fashion okay the CPU with kind of the
beaker okay thought this one was really
cool again two PC it specific I also
that while it is great and I think the
dot helps a lot with understanding I
think a lot of people wouldn't have
known who it was y
yep
so we ended up losing the CPU because
cooling can be on anything so this
is pretty darn
close to final so this is this is what
ultimately won obviously yeah um
represents power and pushing components
to the Limit yeah love
it
okay so the wifi
rainbow um you can see here the idea a
was that it's about
like the
underlying sort of passion that brings
us to investigate technology and how
magical it all is I just really yeah I
felt it looked too much like Wi-Fi yeah
yeah the beaker
Planet my issue with this
one um and actually and to be clear I'm
not saying like I was so smart and I
picked the right ones it's not like that
this was a conversation so I'm giving
you guys a summary yeah um and a lot of
the time one of the designers will I'll
be having meeting with them and they'll
be like okay which one do you like and
I'll say which one do you like and
they'll be like well this one has this
issue and this one has this issue I
think this one's the best I'll be like
cool I'm glad we didn't have to have the
entire rest of this meeting yeah yeah um
so I okay I just want to make that
really really clear so a lot of the time
these concerns that I'm talking about
would have been shared or even raised by
the designer who worked on the project
but sometimes you got to throw spaghetti
at the wall this one this one didn't
fly this one I thought was really cool
that's pretty cool yeah the nucleus
star just a little bit too physics e so
kind of how like how some of the other
ones were a bit too much chemistry lab
this felt a little bit too physics lab
and didn't really say Tech really cool
logo this one and the last one both
really cool just maybe for a slightly
different application yeah maybe for a
different kind of lab yeah yeah
hopefully you guys uh hopefully you guys
enjoyed that I had that up full screen
so I have no idea um if you guys thought
that was cool someone said the circle
logo is just North Face there was a few
I think there's more yeah because
there's the Unicorn one and stuff
there's more designs than what were just
in there yeah the Unicorn one was pretty
wild and there was quite a few designs
where like it wasn't the same it was
clearly an original idea but it looked
very similar to like I remember one of
them looked very close to the Rena logo
we have a shirt that looks really close
to the renoo logo maybe yeah maybe
that's total accident but yeah there's
stuff like that where like no it was not
actually copied from this but it was too
close so someone in the company might
have recognized like wait that looks
like this we look it up we're like yeah
that's too close people are going to
call us on that even though that isn't
what happened so we go with something
else by the way did I ever end up
showing
um uh the smash Champs logo ideas I
think I talked about
it I don't think I've even seen these oh
okay yeah um have you seen these Dan
this is loading really slowly I think so
maybe no no I I don't think a lot of the
people working on Smash have seen the
smash I probably saw them when I was
trying to organize some files yeah ah I
think we've talked about this so this is
the this is the Badminton Club logo
that's pretty cool yeah I like it I
agree it's clean um imagine we could
play Super Smash Bros there yeah imine
having a smash championship at smash
Champs these things
things take so long man like there's a
lot of really good Concepts here too are
any of these going to load like hello no
preview available I mean sure I guess I
love
uh I love
computers oh wow there was a hammer wow
at one point kind of sick but I I think
the one you went with is better this is
also super cool
but you know I don't
know um this idea of having like the QR
code inter I thought was pretty cool so
it would like load up our our site so if
we had any merch or like water bottles
or whatever and people were like using
them at other places then they just have
like links to our stuff uh this is where
that one started got it so you kind of
Drew it back a little bit and then yeah
uh we wanted something that was a little
bit more contained a little bit more
normal shape that you can put on the
side of a water bottle or at the top of
a web page yeah that sort of thing um
the the idea was like a meteor you know
yeah yeah yeah um but it didn't need to
be quite like in the meteor yeah and
with the new one you still get the get
the point and the uh this is like a
super cool font maybe a bit too
cool I I still I still really like this
font but yeah I don't always get my way
yeah I don't necessarily agree with it
being too cool to be honest I don't know
it it's a sports thing whatever yeah but
it's also you know it's it's a club it's
more than just uh you want to appeal to
who did these
um jquan actually did a lot of this oh
wow yeah so he's very multi-talented um
if you guys play badminton I'm sure
you'll meet him at some point I've met
him no no not you specifically I mean I
mean folks got it uh if you play
badminton and you want to come play at
smash I'm sure you'll I'm sure you'll
meet him at some point he's uh super
cool very passionate yeah um and like
like I said wildly multi-talented he
also uh built the facility in um I want
to say he was using Maya and did like
paint color mockups and stuff so that we
could make informed decisions about
color um he's been working with uh I
don't know if the other guy's off his
probation yet but he's been working with
so I'll just say the other guy he's been
working with the other guy on like
procurement of like floor mats just like
all kinds of things yeah he's U yeah
he's great I was working with them on
the software Choice stuff oh yeah yep
yep yep
cool I've seen a lot of speculation
about like what exactly is like going on
with that like is it some kind of like
front or some kind of like
whatever I like badminton I'm trying to
think of what what it would be a front
for there's nowhere to play locally uh
like like close
um
it's it's a front for lonus not having
to drive so far to play badminton yeah
and it's also
man I can't even I can't go anywhere
without running into someone who's like
yo I heard you're opening a badmon
center like actually like I was at the
ferry and someone I haven't played with
in like probably three to four years was
like hey I heard you I heard you're
opening a Badminton Center I'm like dude
I haven't talked to anyone that I'm even
aware knows you in years how do you know
about this getting around the batminton
scene yeah I was I played last night at
um at one of the Richmond clubs and um
someone someone came up to me they're
like yeah I heard you're opening a
badmin center you should like you should
do like some marketing and stuff and I
was like brother apparently I don't need
to you just I have no idea who you are
and you just walked up and we're like
hey I heard you're opening a Badminton
Club soon uh I think I apparently I'm
good in all seriousness of course yeah
we're going to have to do some some
marketing and stuff like that but it's
it's a pretty big scene here and there's
a lot of pent up demand um I don't need
a reason to open a business can be
sustainable there a lot of residents
being put in around this area oh yeah so
oh yeah I don't know no shortage of
people to play it's going to be good I'm
excited it's a great sport I think the
people that don't get it
probably
probably don't play it's that I think
it's that simple I didn't get it and
then I played and then I understood yeah
it's fun and now my shoulder just is
like yeah that's I don't know about that
that's too bad dude but I'll try to play
a little bit and if not I'll just go
hang out go on the treadmills do
whatever yeah man design stuff though
nothing is simple so hard and you have
to do so many iterations yeah but yeah
it is what it is I think that's a you
came up with or Jak Wan came up with a
really cool logo I like that one a
lot next merch message it's when after
dark time oh yeah sure is let's do it
let's do it I got to push the
button there we go Oh I thought we
already were I thought we started I
thought that whole thing was on no you
interrupted it to talk about logo oh for
minutes I thought logo was after dark me
too all right oh whatever whatever okay
oh we look too pink and then I
left that sounds about right yeah oh we
did we no that was a detour from the
charter flight it was a oh my gosh okay
well we did one that's good all right
moving on hey lldd lonus my job has been
going through growing pains from
doubling its size from 500 to over a
th000 in a year what are some of the
growing pains you had with the growth of
LT how about the first day you walked
around the office and didn't know
someone's name yeah that was pretty bad
um you sore at me multiple times I did
yeah cuz I was popping up all around and
you would stare at me and go like I
don't know who this guy is you said I
swore at you uh F FN n guy uh
fngg FNG effing new guy did I really
yeah I I remember I remember uh I was I
was trying to get your your master key
to have them duplicated for the new lab
building or something like that and I
sent you a message on teams which you I
never got a read report for and then you
walk into Logistics or something i' like
who the f is Daniel besser and then you
just drop the key on the table and leave
I thought that was
great that was probably like one one of
the first couple times I ever met
you I like that like somebody just is
like I need one of the two master keys
for the whole building I don't know who
he is okay here you
go oh man people wonder why I try to
like rap line accounts and stuff and
extra security like this is why dude I'm
pretty sure V let him know so wait I was
handing you a master key yeah so that I
could go get it
copied and the words I said to you were
who the fck is Daniel besser yeah did I
know you were Daniel besser I obviously
that's why it was probably so
funny oh what that's
hilarious that's actually hilarious man
I uh okay oh man yeah I uh okay well uh
it's it's the security issues you don't
know about that hurt the most yeah no
I'm pretty sure that it was discussed
beforehand okay what was my point this
makes me sound like a horrible person
was I Horrible no it was really funny oh
okay it like my highlight of my entire
career here it's just just absolutely
hilarious uh what was my point I don't
understand I don't get the joke think
it's that he's handing you you were
handing him the master key oh I assume
that that was your joke oh I get it now
sorry I just just the way and also we
had like never met before yeah okay I
get it I get it I get it giving me this
I think you were making light of like
the fact that I was doing that you guys
had never met and you were giving him a
master key to a building and ion had
probably said that it was okay and yeah
yeah yeah okay that totally makes sense
now I I I don't know if it was just your
dry British delivery but you made it
sound like I was angry about it or
something oh you you did you were you
were quite heated about it was I but not
like Angry Angry just oh you know what I
was well I had probably been trying to
track down where you sat or something
most likely like I was probably in a
hurry oh that makes a lot of sense okay
yeah okay okay okay okay funny you're
not you're not mean oh the whole thing
makes so much more sense now like yeah
I'm basically handing the keys to the
kingdom to whoever the this guy is
um sure yeah like our whole team's chat
history was like can I have the most
important key to the business to go copy
please got it yeah that all makes way
more sense
now yeah I mean Luke and I struggle when
people walk past our desks now right I'd
say communication is the biggest
challenge when things grow too fast I
mean I think you guys have probably seen
a lot of that leak out into into the
public sphere whether it's just you know
mistakes or uh miscommunications or
areas where our operations clearly
hasn't kept up with how many chefs there
are in the kitchen um it's it's always
it's always really interesting to me
where people will see something like um
you know a logistics or communication
error internally they'll go how did
lonus that up I'm
like I never touched any of it
um I think because so many YouTubers are
one and two bit operations people assume
that they all are and they're not but
like when we do something really good
luk I go out of my way to talk about how
great the team is that worked on it nope
if we do great things it's uh everyone
else and if we do terrible things it's
Lion's fault way to go he doesn't even
he's not even the CEO
anymore still his fault bad Vision I'm
still involved in a lot of decisions
it's a slow transition but we knew that
um so just to be clear just and you
still own the whole company I do not
okay sort of your family unit owns the
whole comp that is true there we go got
him that's a better way I've been
thinking about how to say this for a
while family unit yeah that works yeah I
if someone was like you and Ivon are a
family unit I'd be like yeah yeah I
think it makes
sense because I also I don't want to say
like you and your wife because it's not
like that my wife you know what I mean
yeah like it's more yeah sink plane says
he did say should roll uphill I did and
I was right um that is that is the
correct way credit should be shared
blame should be accepted owned but it
can be it can be exhausting it can be
wearing sometimes yeah but it's worth it
yes it's how it's got to work it's it's
the right way but I think really the
important question is who the fu is
Daniel
besser let's not get distracted from
these important questions I don't know
but I'm comfy now that's all that
matters
uh sorry all right well that's an image
I'll never forget H okay what's next hi
LDL I recently bought stuff from eBay
and gave a critical review about it the
seller then reached out and offered to
pay me to change my review no don't what
is your review on sellers paying for
reviews it's horrible it's the very
worst thing ever um and we would never
do that on LTT store I'm going to I'm
going to go find I'm going to go find a
horrible review nice let's find one but
I'm going to cheat a little bit and I'm
going to show you guys an awesome one
first there's one review so far for the
magnetic Cable Management products from
Jor verified by shop absolutely amazing
as soon as they announced they were
making this it was on I was on board and
when I got the email to order them I
pounced and it was well worth it simple
to install super strong and just makes
the process of mounting Power Bars
actually doable and far better than the
3-in long nails Loosely inserted into
drywall that was my previous solution if
there's any product to get from ltd's
Cable Management line it's this one it's
a game changer all right let's go find
something horrible oh it's on the the
power Bar Key okay yeah the power bar
key is So Co management line wow he
really wants us to do more it's so cool
um okay Loop help me out pick a category
pick a category any category uh
um um the screwdriver uh shaft extension
you're not going to find a negative
review of that
oh I mean we can try 27
reviews oh there's okay okay four stars
it's the worst one good extension with
some good quality extension with some
minor issues okay it enlarges your P
screwdriver by the way reading reviews
on the site is actually great I do this
for fun sometimes that's pretty fun
um it does this I didn't see that coming
I'll say that it does this nicely with a
strong magnet I cannot make it fall out
of the original Shaft by waving the
screwdriver around it does have two
small issues the extender doesn't sit
flush with the original Shaft the
magnetic bid is a bit too long okay uh
this was on purpose yeah um the reason
it doesn't sit flush is because if we
tried to get it to sit flush there could
be tolerance uh there are tolerance
issues that could prevent the shaft from
fully contacting the magnet inside the
original Sha so the extension might not
make physical contact magnetic strength
is strongest the closer you can get the
magnets so if we tried to make it
perfectly flush then we would end up
with something that was usually perfect
and sometimes didn't make full contact
so we made the decision to not even try
to make it perfectly flush to put a
fingernail spot in there so that we
would never run into that issue uh the
extender Waggles a bit when in use most
likely because of issue one actually the
reason is that every bit w Bagles it's
just you only notice it with an
extension because the spec for/ quarter
in drive has tolerances built into it
and we could our tolerance is really
tight on our driver so we could have
made it tighter but it would have made
our shaft sometimes incompatible with
third party drivers so if you check
really carefully with um uh with the
pair of calipers you can see that the uh
the male end of our shaft extension is
actually a little bit bigger than spec
but not much much so we made it as
tighter as we could while still
retaining compatibility with almost
every third party driver okay should we
should we find an actual let's find
something actually actually bad I didn't
realize there would actually be none on
that product it's a really good product
let's go to something that has like a
bajillion reviews like screwdriver or
something
sure which one you want uh just a full
prime one let's go for the most possible
review so we have the highest chance of
pick a negative
one that's a
yeah okay all right 3% of our reviews
are one
star uh took a long time to
arrive didn't get it um this is probably
dealt with at this point oh another took
a long time to arrive Haven took a long
time to arrive I ordered three and it
looks like each of them come from
different batches colors are slightly
off on the last one plus the mechanics
seem to be less prec PR than the first
one ordered a few months
ago so the colors could be slightly off
and the mechanic seams could be oh sorry
no the mechanics could be less precise
than the first one there there are
variances yep that's a thing that
happens and colors can be a little bit
different from time to time yet to
arrive we had some delivery issues
before
um yeah there's some negative reviews of
support it should be noted that any
anything under a certain threshold we
reach out to but they don't always
revise the reviews so yeah the worst scw
this one's confusing would recommend to
yeah would recommend to others but wish
there was an all black option and
shipping wasn't expensive I think this
person's somewhat trolling look at the
like to dislike on it okay yeah uh never
arrived wait are these people that like
wait 2023 when did we launch the thing
no we launched it in 2022 right
I think so yeah there's yeah yeah yeah
yeah 2022 right I'm not sure I don't
know but there's a there's a bunch of
complaints from like
August when did we launch it I think we
launched it in
2022 right yeah I think I'm I'm like
gaslighting myself I'm pretty sure did
we launch a video on LT for we did we
launch it in 2022 okay so apparently we
had some some shipping delays in July
August
oh was this around
LTX this would have been just after
LTX okay charge me $1 more after
received the shipment without reason
well that was probably their like
Customs or whatever a big mistake H okay
another delivery
issue uh I mean if this person reaches
out to customer care I'm sure we can get
them sort of out okay so has anyone
actually had a problem with the
screwdriver yet the one person didn't
like that the colors were different
haven't received it I'm not thrilled
with the result okay there here we go
first thing is the magnet is too strong
and really annoying to get the screw set
in
place what really while nice for holding
screws on it come annoying to get them
set also the screw that hold an outlet
cover is not enough back Force for the
ratchet and I am forced to turn the
shaft by hand and after all the hype on
the ratcheting mechanism really and one
other thing is there's no way to know
what direction it is set to without
testing it oh there is an indicator
actually um okay yeah it would be better
to have an indicator there's an
indicator uh way too overhyped and
underd delivered okay there I guess my
point was pretty good William Bird's
review is still there for you to
enjoy we do not believe in uh in
in covering up problems whether they're
delivery issues that we had around the
LTX time frame uh whether they are uh
complaints that people have about the
product even if we don't agree that
they're valid uh guys we're here for you
to we're here for you guys to get the
real the real
customer
experience that's what our reviews are
for I I legitimately like love reading
reviews on the site though people are
saying that the the indicator is I think
there's um I think there's a way to tell
people are saying that the indicator is
just what direction to turn it not what
it's currently set
to yeah know it tells you what it's
currently set to here where's where's
my easily accessible backpack location
directly behind you your backpack is
supposed to be on your back while you
put it behind you when you're
seated oh no no no you guys are right
yeah it tells you what way to twist it
oh yeah no you're right Bas on like the
the handle or anything no
you trying to remember yeah there
totally is actually based on the flat
point Sorry based on the flat point of
the handle oh yes the left side yes yeah
if it is uh centered on the flat that's
right yes there is a way to tell but it
is not that clearly indicated if in the
center of the flat it is neutral if it
is to the side of the flat then it is
that way if it's to the the other side
of the flat then it's that way yep yeah
there is an indicator it's possible you
kind of have to figure it out though I
don't think we actually tell you that we
didn't tell you that so this is keyed so
the uh selector ring always goes in in
the same orientation uh that is by
Design yeah I just totally forgot about
it good job creative Warehouse
team yeah it works I was thinking I was
like I'm pretty sure I've been able to
tell before and I think I've used that
trick
yep
what are you supposed to be talking
about do you want another merch message
uh yeah I mean that's what we're doing
right now right yep Intel's battle mage
got leaked do you think it will have a
much better launch than Alchemist will
they be back on the WAN show I daily and
Arc for the competition and have seen it
improve a ton Intel's work on their
driver has been
fantastic
um yeah I I said yes immediately to
better launch but I what I think I mean
by that is I think there will be more
people ready to adopt it to be
completely honest um I don't know I I'm
not going to say right off the bat that
like their driver is going to be
Flawless on launch n um they've they've
had a lot of improvements on their
driver I'm very hopeful for that but I
have no idea but I do think there will
be more people interested in potentially
buying an Intel GPU come this generation
yeah I seeing how dedicated how dogged
they've been when it comes to improving
these we're going to push harder I I I
it gives me Faith I have a bunch of Hope
yeah yeah I'm feeling good about it I'll
try it again
yeah he LDL was finally time to pick up
a shaft extension and the bread sorus
pin what do you think was the saddest
company takeover that you were alive for
Oculus got him oh now I'm sad totally
beaten to the draw Bethesda got him nah
no you're over it okay they're already
dead that's true that's fair okay okay
blizzard yeah that was kind of a merger
but it feels like the Activision Soul
was the one that survived it sure was
yeah yeah yeah still Oculus
though hello L this is very sad sorry
um five star review I'm sorry I need to
return this I bought it for my husband
but he can't use it he was in a car
accident how do I return
it
um I guess having randomly seen this I
will forward this to customer care and
we will try and get this sorted out
uh sorry to hear that yeah but we yeah
we'll we'll get you sorted out
um hopefully uh he makes a speedy
recovery yeah maybe we can get him
something else yep some some
sometime uh okay uh sorry Dan go ahead
hello lus been watching since ncx days
do you think a Dell Tower server would
make a good choice for the first server
for a first
server if you're if you're able to get
one off of like you know some company
flipping it out the door for basically
nothing like absolutely as long as the
performance there should be reliable
enough that's how a lot of people get
their first Server Chassis schedule send
uh o we're out Monday hey y don't want
to bother oh Nick is aware
oh Nicks on it y oh well that's easy
look at this guy dude beaing us with the
images we needed solving customer
support things so
good Okay g to save that one hello from
Australia dlll I think I've seen the
intro popping up again recently what are
people's reactions and how are the
analytics finding it uh overall
reactions are good uh it seems to be
neutral if anything on retention so I
think we're just going to kind of have
it sometimes if it feels like there
needs to be an air gap between the intro
and the body of the video um if it feels
like something that we just kind of need
to get into then we'll leave it out but
it's I think right now it's out by
default but I'm adding it back in more
often than
not I don't necessarily think we should
make this some someone in Phil plane
chat just just references oh can I find
their name what now sorry I don't think
I can give you a shout out cuz I looked
away and and lost your name an extension
that adds the intro to every video I
don't think we should actually
necessarily make this a shirt maybe we
should I'd be happy with being wrong but
if we don't I think Dan you should make
this yourself just a shirt that's just
like either your face or Linus's face
and it just says who the f is Daniel
B and you should wear
it I don't even know anymore
man I don't think I've known for a long
time
I think that would be hilarious anyways
moving on H when okay uh let's see let's
see oh yeah it should just be it should
just be like a black and white just side
profile of you in the
top it's really comfy I'm glad I did
this I should have done this ages ago
okay where are we where are we uh Hey
when. xe. PNG I've been watching a few
older LTD videos and I love many of the
older t-shirt designs like the ram
t-shirt so would lmg ever open the vault
for limited run of the older designs I'm
not saying no
but you know what if you see something
you like buy
three because it's not always possible
for us to bring things back we can't
just print one of a shirt it doesn't
make sense I've been doing that more
often I do it all the time yeah if I
find something I like man those badon
shoes I bought like five pairs y cuz
they this the company that uh that I I
like a lot of other elements of their
designs they had they had a wide shoe
because they're they're an Asian company
so my feet are apparently wide even
though they're pretty typical for like a
Caucasian dude but like they made a wide
shoe that was really good for me um and
I like the grip of the bottoms and and
and uh and like I like their their
internal cushioning and all that kind of
stuff and so I bought one pair and I was
like well I'll be able to get these
forever and then when their next
Generation lineup came out they just
didn't have a wide just like yeah well
we don't need a like x65 w anymore so
whatever get the x65 two and I tried
them one they were terrible they were
too they were too narrow and then the
next gen came out and they had a wide
and I'm like okay well half a dozen
pairs of these please and then if you
guys skip a gen then I guess I'm good
and if you have a future one well then
that's cool but these fit fine so
whatever I don't care my feet are uh
wide and tall and just relatively large
and finding shoes that are like sporty
that fit all of those things is like
practically impossible as far as I can
tell there are options but I don't like
most of them so there are a few options
but then preference comes in and knocks
those out so there's like one pair of
shoes that I just love and I wish I had
more of them but I have two pairs right
now which which is which is pretty
okay next Dan hey Dan and the talent
love the show I was wondering how you
assess your production quality video and
audio Etc and decide when you need to
upgrade change up or experiment and then
set new standards that'd be a great name
for like Ed and Andy great question
sorry for Ed and Andy um yeah if
anything I would say that we've been
more concerned about um workflow for the
last six months
than
production quality so much you know
figuring out how to how to smoothly
produce rather than how to like have
more PX more megapixels or
whatever dll how do you feel about users
breaking an apps terms of service just
to make it usable for example modding
Discord mobile app to bring the old
layout layout back or YouTube apps to
stop shorts from being shoved in your
face okay well hold on we got to be a
little careful here because you said
make it usable and then talked about
things that
are not making it usable um
but you're not supposed to I guess
personally I mean I don't really care um
and as far as my understanding goes you
aren't supposed to do things like custom
skins and custom uis for Discord but I
think they also just like don't really
go after you a ton unless you're
broadcasting it so I suspect that's how
most of them will treat it but I'm not
sure we'll get rid of that did lonus
ever get his revenge on Colton for the
pregnancy prank no but I
will and and that was a long time ago
yep and I'll get my
revenge bye in my time oh
boy and let's see any other other ones
you want to deal with we got some
incoming first there's a potential you
can check you've just done this so many
times I don't know but it's up to you oh
which one the potential oh oh do you
still have your bike um I do it's in a
lot of pieces right now I was actually
working on sanding for it last night oh
nice sand blasting I'm so I'm still
still I'm going to get it painted it's
going to be pink and it's going to be
awesome but Luke what about Qualcomm you
said Qualcomm and then sponsor but we
talked with that for sure oh okay forget
it then I'll qualcom creates proton for
Windows arm we we talked about oh yeah
yeah no we're good uh do you have any
favorite retro video games that you want
to share with your kids I'm going to see
if uh I'm going to see if they'll play
Final Fantasy 6 there's a there's the
remake or or like the re-release the
pixel remaster that's the word I was
looking for um I think that uh I think
that at least a couple of them might be
ready for it but I also see the games
they play now and they're so good
they're so different they're so dense
like if you ask me Final Fantasy 6 is
still fun if you ask me what would you
recommend to your kid though Final
Fantasy 6 or Dave the diver I'd be like
I don't know go play Dave the diver
probably a better game yeah but there's
time hey are you back on it yet no but I
I
want done done my side I'll do it I'll
do it I'll do it I watched hackers
because of the computer not being a to
play I watch Pirates of Silicon Valley
which was pretty tedious I played
Titanfall 2 which was
excellent those those movies were
tedious for a very short period of time
yeah they were they were very tedious
though I do actually want to keep
playing it I lost a bunch of momentum
when my computer wouldn't play it and
then like this last week I wanted to
play I didn't play any video games the
whole week so I don't know um I will get
to it though I will play it it's not I'm
not trying to avoid it it is actually
genuinely just fun I want to actually
beat it out of my own drive at this
point all right I want uh I want Peter
Smith message dealt with here if you
were given a complete doover on one of
your videos which one would you choose
to reshoot and why it would be the
roast not recording the audience
laughter killed it yeah and people were
like yeah man these jokes weren't
Landing blah blah blah they were killing
the entire time people you just can't
hear it loved it but we were all miked
like right here and there was no
audience microphone and we we added some
in in post but it's it's not the same
like people were hooting they were
losing it um and so it's just yeah it's
h even some of the deliveries like the
people have to pause basically cuz the
audience is laughing so hard and it
sounds like an awkward pause and it's
not it takes the vibe way down H yeah
yeah I watch it back every once like
probably about once a year I forget like
half of it and then watch it again it's
so funny it's really funny it's so
funny okay man last one I've got for you
you can never redo that someone's like
let's redo the roast you could never you
could never hope to recapture that magic
and like man maybe in like 20 years how
how
how how narcissistic would you have to
be to host an event a roast like every
yourself TW it's like writing multiple
autobiographies
yeah like honestly I could see it like
if when you like retire if someone if
someone held one for me in 25 years sure
it would be fine but like so much of
what is so much of what you say in a
roast is supposed to be the core of that
person theoretically it hasn't changed
that much like you sure you could make
fun of that person for something that
happened recently but like you went
after who I am and that's what's funny
about it it has to cut deep and so how
do you ever redo that it's it's been
done I I even you know I take it back in
25 years it wouldn't make sense if
someone else did it I'd be like no it's
been done yeah no I'm over
it the last one I have lus and Luke if
you both bounce really hard can you pop
the couch or is it more durable feel
free to save the attempt for the end I
think this is the end thanks Joseph S I
guess uh um
how how hard do you want to go I mean I
don't know don't we need this coach no
not really I mean we use it a lot for
something we don't need but
uh okay oh he's going pretty hard I
don't know if I can do hold up oh he's
going really
hard okay uh if this pops it's going to
hurt really bad yeah I know that'll be
funny
okay oh my goodness okay ready
um
sure are you timing it uh three on go
okay three two one
go P well here I feel like I was a
little behind you though all right I
waited to watch you move instead of
going at exactly the same time okay did
I go on exactly go no you waited a
second but I waited too long okay
okay I'm GNA try to go fast on
okay you even core exercises bro come on
three two one
go oh we definitely hit at the same time
yeah certainly durable oh so it's pretty
good then it did pretty good all right
we do all our own stunts by the
way thanks for watching see you again
next week same bad time same bad Channel
bye
[Music]
[Laughter]
you said there's multiple cells you have
to jump on the same one uh it's actually
just
one well this couch is multiple cells
but we were jumping on this I think a
big part of the reason why it didn't pop
is cuz there's one big a space that
we're jumping on but then there's
another one below
it bye